1012644

If I had to define the role of the
risk management played in the game, I would say risk management is the main
skill you need to improve and develop in order to protect and develop your
society. I have several reasons to think that way. Firstly, when you start the
game and you try to reach the next level, you can easily realize that you need
to make good decisions and reach a compromise between insurance, protection and
knowledge. Secondly, you see that you have a time limit to reach the next level
and that you need also time to earn some money, therefore, you easily understand
that you are going to be careful with timing and that you are going to need
time management skills if you want to reach next level and have enough time if
something happens during the countdown.

As I could verify in the game,
preparation for risk affects development after some time because you spend your
money in order to cope potential disasters, so, when a disaster happens you see
how, at that moment, you take advantage of your insurance and protection. For
example, in the game you see that point when a meteorite hits you and you have
just thirty seconds left to reach the next level. At that moment, you realize
you must have an insurance and have your society prepare to overcome damages.
If you do that, you will have sometimes no damages even after a great meteoritical
impact.

If I had to play the game only once,
I would take great care of money and I would save it since I believe saving
money is important to overcome potential disasters, even if I would develop my
society slowly. In addition, I would always spend some money on insurance
because insurance is really helpful. However, if I played the game more than
once, the first time I would take more risks in order to discover limits when I
am making riskier decisions, better to say, discover where point of no return
is located and how fast I can develop my society.

From my point of view, I learned a
lot of things from the game but, especially, I could verify how risk management
is even when you are playing just a simple game. Then, you ask yourself how
important and complicated risk management could be in a real country where there
are a lot of human lives and civil constructions. 

Finally, if I had to develop a new
version of the game and I had to add or change something, I would launch a new
version with more difficulties, I mean, I would add more time between levels
and I would add more factors and potential risks, such as other human civilizations,
financial factors, credits to overcome damages when you do not have enough
money and, even, intelligent extraterrestrial life encounters.

