1019724

Reflections on the
Risk Horizon game

Risk management within the game, for me, showed how you had
to make decisions that gave the colony the best chance for survival. The use of
time was a critical factor in the game where time spent researching incoming
asteroids allowed you longer to link communities together thereby protecting
them more.  Whilst you were researching,
you were not able to increase the height of the colony thereby having to make a
choice based on the determination of risk. 
If an asteroid had a low probability of risk, I would focus my time on
other activities such as raising the height or building.  

Investing in insurance seemed prudent to prepare for potential
damage however it did restrict my ability to expand the colony pods.  As the game made progress I relied less on
insurance as this appeared to affect reaching the success criteria for each
level because my pods were not developed enough.  I had to make a decision, similar to real
life, where I had limited funds and could either protect what I had through
insurance (status quo leading to stagnation) or use those funds to expand
(development and expansion but more exposed to risk of impact financially of
damage).  As the success criteria for
each level increased, it required me to take greater risks through expansion
and less investment in insurance.

I played the game more than once and found that I adapted my
strategy.  I focussed more on developing
the pods and less on the use of insurance that took funds.  I also tended to worry less about the
asteroids that had a less than 40% chance of hitting and researched these
less.  On occasion, this caused damage as
I didn’t have time to link the pods together. 
Dividing my time between researching asteroids with a greater likelihood
of striking and raising the height of the colony became a difficult juggling
act at times based on the number of asteroids. 
In terms of learning from the game, the main lesson I feel I learned if
that the most effective strategy to risk is to have a range of mechanisms in
place to mitigate the risk as opposed to relying purely on one option.  I could purely have researched asteroids but
any strike would have had a higher damage effect if the colony hadn’t been
raised.  Conversely, if I had purely
raised the colony height each strike would have quickly lowered the height plus
caused damage.  Translated into real
life, one measure to mitigate risk, if it fails, offers no protection from that
risk.  A range of options spreads the
impact of that risk should it occur.

In terms of change, the game deals with naturally occurring situations
with no intelligence behind them. When dealing with risk in the real world
there are also human elements to take into account such as social and political
dynamics.  I would add an element of
advisors and politicians into the equation – each giving opinions and advice.  Part of the challenge would be to apply risk
principals to that advice as well. 
Making difficult decisions becomes even harder if you are subjected to
views of individuals who may have a different agenda or bias.  Would I act the same way if, for example, I
was getting advice from a representative from the insurance company whose motivation
for that advice may not be in the best interests of the colony?

