1023051

The Risk Horizon game involves the intrinsic components of risk management of preparation and coping with risk. Planet Alora which is prone to falling comets require risk management for healthy and continuous development. A balance must be made between community development and preparation for potential shocks that could slow or inhibit growth. Trade-offs (knowledge, protection and insurance)The three interlink components of the game are knowledge, protection and insurance. Knowledge involves awareness of incoming comets that could be further examined through research of these comets on severity and the chances of hitting Alora. Protection involves upgrading community to higher levels to be less likely vulnerable to comets and facilitate quick recovery. As future damage are foreseeable, insurance would ensure that future pay-offs are reduced and could be easily coped. The start of the game involves a small trade-off between spending money on new pods and insurance. On higher levels, this trade off for insurance is higher due to the lack of funds available. Due to multiple incoming meteors, there is significant trade-offs between researching in obtaining knowledge about each meteor and managing (pressing and holding) the side slider to raise protection. Before upgrading is allowed, meteor damage on pods must be repaired.Preparation for risk affects development at every stage of the game both at an immediate and imminent stage. It slows or inhibits immediate growth through lack of funds while imminent growth is halted due to research and protection against incoming comets.Reflection    I played the game more than 20 times, but I'm still not able to exceed Level 2. Although I have developed multiple strategies in managing risk in the game, it has been futile in reaching the goal of the game. It is indeed difficult to reach beyond level 2 in the game. Here's an overview of the steps developed.(1)  At the beginning of the game, build at least 2 or 3 pods before purchasing insurance.(2)  As the meteors begin to enter the screen, research on each meteor. Meteors with high severity must be given priority as longer research is required to reduced damage. (3)  Upgrade existing pods whenever funds are available. (4)  In event where meteor is getting closer, raise the side slider to increase protection.Improvising the gameI would suggest creating a better mechanism on the sale of insurance through a tier system based on assessment of risk for each pod. As the risk of meteor is clearly present, realistically, the insurance premium would be high. I would suggest insuring each pod individually and meteor damage should only affect the pod which it falls, not on all pods.Adding a score board on the side would allow better understanding of mistake in each round. The score mechanism can be calculated based on the the closeness in achieving the required level of development in the game (as reflected on the left bar). Creating a multiplayer environment would allow players to compete against each other and to know what is the average, mean and median score.          