1053540

Risk management was
the core of the game. It took quite some time to gain knowledge; the research
that needed time to gain the bars comparable to the severity and probability of
the meteor striking the island. Without adequate knowledge you would either buy
more protection or more insurance. Managing risk meant that you have to analyze
what all you have invested in shape of factory units and how much protection
should you buy. The more protection you buy the slower your factories would
come up and slower would their production be, and vice versa. Whereas, if you
bought insurance, it would eat up more funds than buying protection,
immediately.  But the good point is that your
production would not diminish. You could delay buying insurance until your
research tells you about a serious threat.
I
played the game several times, before making it to the fourth level. Every
single attempt taught me something new. Here is what I learnt:
1. You
need to build up a basic level of factories so as to start making some funds.
2. If
the threat is immediate, protection would not build up immediately, and
insurance would be a better choice.
3.
Once the industry gets going, and you don’t have funds to install more factories,
buy protection in small dollar units.
4.
Whatever you do, buy an insurance before some severe threat strikes you.
5.
Take on researching the threats (meteors) immediately when they appear; dont
delay, they dont give you much of the time.
6. Its
best to buy insurance before time. And dont over buy or under buy. It should be
adequate, otherwise you waste resources.
7.
Dont waste a chance to upgrade your plant/factory, when you get a chance on
funds. Otherwise you would not be able to go beyond a certain level.8.
Always keep funds at hand to buy insurance, plant upgrade or protection at an
opportune time, commensurate with the factories you have.
NEW VERSION OF THE GAME. Finally,
here are two things that I would like to add in the game, with reference to
problems and practical situation of my area:
1.
Weak infrastructure that I have in my country, slows down the production
because of frequent breakdowns like power and other utilities. That can be
improved if you buy private power and gas at higher rates, which slows down
your production and profitability. So you can add an icon to represent
infrastructure, where you have to invest to get smooth input of utilities. The
more you invest in it, the smoother the utilities are and more profitable your
production would be.2.
Instable political and policy scenarios can also be added that could halt the
production at some time. Then you have to bank on your savings to fund the
fixed cost of the factory. So a bare minimum funds requirement might be added
in case of political uncertainty. In case you don’t have enough funds you might
have to liquidate your factory unit.