1055875

1. Risk management plays an important role in the game. Risk management makes us prepared for the upcoming risks. As in the game based on the severity of the comet I was able to plan out as what action needs to be taken so that I can reduce the damage to a bare minimum.Risk management teaches us that risk can be avoided to a certain extent.In Level 1 I had bought the highest insurance scheme covering damages of 75%, as I required money to build new pods. This gave me the confidence that even if the pods are destroyed by meteors I can still fix it at a low cost and save money which can be spent on other aspects. Moreover adequate amount of time was there for research and thus during a hit I was able to communicate with the community well and reduce the damage percentage.Preparation of risk was important as it took little time for the economic revival as in my case due to better risk management and lower risk percentage I was able to revive my financial condition back on track immediately after a hit. There has to be a constant up-gradation of pods for better financial conditions. If the damage is more than 40% as it happened in some cases in the game it took a longer time to revive my financial conditions.2. If I had to play the game again I would take couple of more adequate steps such as create only 4-5 pods and try developing only 4-5 pods, better time management would play an important role in this. I actually wasted too much of time and money building too many pods. One should build only adequate amount of pods and try upgrading them first. The better the pods the higher the amount of money that comes in. Moreover certain meteors can be avoided if the severity level is low by raising the height of the island. The most important point in the game is time management one cannot just wait for the money to get accumulated and then start thinking as where to invest it rather one has to deliver for the beginning of the game. First things first. Insurance has to be the topmost priority. Research the second priority and thus based on the severity level the level can be increased and if not 100% but damage can be reduced to 80%.3.I would add a feature which enables to fix the pods to be fixed in half the time but paying double the amount.In my area people are never prepared for the adverse problems. People only save the money which they think are adequate to just fix the problem and thus when a damage happens to a larger scale there is a shortage of funds which eventually takes a longer time to fix the problem. A better disaster recovery mechanism is required to fix these issues.