1071141

The game is about assessing the “shocks” (meteors) and matching it against what resources you have or needed to have to mitigate damage and destruction. I have to play it many times before I was able to fully understand the dynamics and needed “skill” to succeed. Just like in the real world, if we are confronted with something that we have little knowledge of, we will end up “shocked”. But we learn from experience and the next time something similar happens we become more prepared. 

In my first two games, I was buying an insurance – the premium one. But I learned that I don’t have to buy the insurance, I just have to study the meteor and/or increase protection while at the same time developing the pods. Basically, I just use the resources (money) to improve the pods and increase protection (raising the elevation). There are meteors that you just ignore because you have already enough protection to survive its impact. Another element that I was ignoring at first was the green indicator of progress at the left side of the screen. I didn't know what it was really for, until I started adding more pods and developing them, the indicator starts to rise according to the number and the development of the pods. I thought it would just advance (improve) in time…and all I have to do is just to prepare for the meteors. All in all, it is about managing resources - time and money to achieve the objective of surviving the meteors.  

With regards to the the changes that I want to make to the game, let me first describe where I am from and what is our current situation. 

I am from Zamboanga City, Philippines. Relative to the other parts of the Philippines, we seldom experience natural calamities and disasters, especially, storms and flooding. There is also no known active volcano in the area. However, what we enjoy in terms lesser natural and disasters and calamities is shadowed by the threat of peace and order. Just recently, our city was under sieged by a breakaway Muslim rebel group. This is something that the whole part of Southern Philippines is experiencing (in various degrees)– a constant conflict…unstable peace and order because of cultural and ethnic differences of the people and because of others who take advantage of the situation.  

And so, if I am to make a simple change in the game, it will be adding dialogue or replacing insurance with dialogue. I feel that a constant dialogue between people of different tribes and cultures can bring about better understanding between them. Allowing people to be more tolerant, patient, and sensitive to other person's culture which in turn'll bring about harmony...and hopefully a lasting peace. 
