1079962

1.   
Role of Risk Management are as follows:

Knowledge of comets about the severity 
impacts of the comets  doing research option and dissemination of early
warning to avoid the damage. 

Protection of community through raising
the platform and upgrading of the pods

Insurance through transferring the risk
of pods for community from getting damaged by the hitting comets directly or by
indirectly by flooding/ tidal surge. 

I tried to
develop the pods as per the budget and gets immediate insurance for protection
in case of disaster. Also I tried to keep watching the comet/s pattern of movements in terms of
their severity or doing research since the prediction may vary with the actual
landfall and severity of catastrophe followed with strong coordination and
dissemination of Early Warning message after the impact of comets in the sea. 

Risk affects
development – there is always expenditure of funds if hazard or disaster occurs. When
it is a disaster followed by large economic loss and followed by reconstruction and recovery. In case of hazards or without loss small amount is
used for studying the movements of comets by doing research and expert driven
analysis.

2.   
I always prefer developmental activities like raising
of island, construction of pods, up gradation of pods, insuring under different schemes of pods during normal times or
else when the severity or risk of these comets is zero. But when there is
potential risk of damage I stop all the developmental activities and started
preparing the community by observing the movements/ coordination between different communities/ pods 

3.   
I would propose strong technical up gradation in
construction of pods/ building with standards, Land insurance, Group insurance,
strong early warning system with 100 % coverage and reach with affective early warning forum with
participation of every line departments and potential stakeholders. Strong high
raised walls for the community/ island, flood inundation mapping system and evacuation
points at different safe areas to minimize the loss of life.