1102971

Game Reflection1.
Risk management in the game was about balancing
investment and expansion with knowledge, protection, and insurance.  I chose to build conservatively, investing in
insurance and balancing my time to maximize protection and knowledge.  By preparing for risk I had to delay building
all my pods at once which in the short term slowed down my progress.  In the long term, however, because I was
investing in insurance, carefully establishing protection and keeping a keen
eye on knowledge when the comets hit I was not badly damaged.  My subsequent pod expansion and upgrading was
safer and more resilient even when substantial comets hit.

2.     
After I played the game several times I became
more adept at achieving a balance between pod building and investing in
knowledge, protection, and insurance. 
The first time I was so concerned about risk that I failed because I was
not devoting enough time and resources to building pods and upgrading
them.  I was also overly concerned with
protection to the detriment of knowledge, or in the case of the game tracking
the comets.  The main things that I
learned from the game are that risk is calculated and there are as many
negative consequences to not investing enough of one’s resources in building as
there are to building without proper regard for risk.  I also realised that time is also a resource
that has to be invested wisely and that knowledge and protection are each
equally important if an asset is to be secured. 
Lastly I learned that community connections are the difference between
little or no damage and complete destruction; therefore, it is vital for the
success of any large project to be part of a community.

3.     
If I were going to add one thing to a new
version of the game I would make it health and social security insurance for
those that live in the pods.  I live in
Canada where we have universal health care and social security and I know that
some of the risk of investing is mitigated by the knowledge that after a
disaster medical costs will not bankrupt an individual and there is a social
safety net to help individuals if a disaster means that work is temporarily
delayed.  We pay a high cost for this
social insurance through taxes but it gives individuals the peace of mind to
not just build but also rebuild after a natural event.