1103761

The
game played during this week was a good example about the importance of risk
management. In first place, I realised how uncertainty can affect my own
behaviour when I try to keep a place safe, or to reduce the negative impact of
some situations (as meteorites falling). 

To
manage the risks during the game, and in real live, we just have some
information, some help and some resources, and the lack of them three
constitute serious obstacles to the management. But, if we use the resources we
have properly and we invest in the right research, or implement the best plans,
we can realize an effective management. In this case, during the game, students
had their own budget to work, but it could increase or decrease depending on
how we were using it. Preparation was key to take advantages on the buildings
in case that the meteorites were coming, in the moment and in long term. It was
also important to be assured, to avoid big loses in case of catastrophes, and
to get some help to cope them. 

In
my case, I played the game more
than once. The first time I was feeling lost, because I was in middle of a
situation that I could not control, with a limited budget and two
possibilities, start to work and save the little world of Alora, or let the
meteorites destroy it. After the first game, I learnt that I should work on
specific plans, because with simple desitions I could gain more than trying to
cover all areas simultaneously. Another thing that I realized during the games
was that we can not avoid that disasters happends, neither try to reduce the
frecuency of them, but we can look at the tendencies because they give us a
powerfull information about what we should not do in case that we need to get
prepare to confront them.

If
I could add something in the game to make it more reppresentative of the risk
management, I would give the students the option to contact with another
people, people who is working on risk management too in another virtual words,
so they can ask for help give it to another, or exchange resources. In short,
when we try to affront a risk alone is worst than if we share with the others,
because risk management is a join effort.                                                                                                                                                                                            

                                                                                                                                   