1129755

1. Role of Risk ManagementThe "risk horizon" game provided a visual method of showing the importance of risk management techniques for risk mitigation. These were:Growth: ability to take risk by building pods to generate more revenueKnowledge: the importance of research and the ability to track probabilitiesProtection: methods of protecting pods from floods caused by cometsInsurance: use of insurance to enable rebuilding at lower costsCommunity: ability to band communities together to share risk and rewardKnowledge enabled buying protection and insurance based on probability. The result was the ability to better resource growth when probability of a comet hit was lower. It appeared that high growth with a lack of risk mitigation was an unsustainable strategy.2. What to do Differently When Playing AgainIt is not clear how the algorithms for knowledge, protection and insurance play out. In other words, the value per dollar spent on protection or insurance is not obvious when first playing the scenario. One needs testing by making the pod development the same in 2 games and adjusting for high protection/lower insurance in one and low protection/higher insurance in the other. Once protection and insurance return is understood, the next stage is to adjust for growth. The problem with this "A-B" testing approach is that it may help get better points in the game, but might be immoral in real life. For example, eliminating protection for flooding through insurance may result in far more deaths even if this was more economical.3. Recommended Change to the GameThe game could provide feedback about risk appetite. Game players are faced with examining risk probability as multiple comets fly overhead and deciding on growth, protection and insurance. It might be helpful in learning risk management to provide a risk matrix that shows users where their risk mitigation strategy falls in probability by impact when clicking on comets. This would be more useful than attempting to visualize probability by impact with the little bars. Users may get focused on probability rather than the combination of probability and impact. This may also require a little more explanation about the risk matrix in the course. This explanation would be helpful because the risk matrix is a very useful visual tool for evaluating risk and getting agreement in a group of people.