1142911

Task
1
The
role of risk management in the game was substantial and crucial.
Without managing risks there will be no progress due to many negative
events which continuously appeared. I have chosen a balanced approach
by using knowledge, protection and insurance. I need to build as much
as assets for assuring rise in cash flows needed for building new
pods. I found that is much better to increase protection because
insurance in situation when the same damages  repeat only with
difference of their extent. But also insurance is required due to the
fact that the more pods you have build, the higher assets value you
have to protect and without insurance this would be not possible. By
small damages is near to irrelevant whether you have 30 or 75 percent
insurance, but by big damages you will feel this difference.    

Preparation
for effective risk
management affected
development immediately, because both protection and insurance
required money which could be invested into development of pods. As a
reward for higher protection there was smaller damages accompanied
by smaller financial requirements for the reconstruction of damaged
pods.
Task
2
I
think everyone playing this game first time is just expecting about
how the game will develop and is trying to build more pods and
protection whereas is no space for insurance. But it is a mistake of
firstplayers.  

If
you are playing more times, you will found that you need to decide
yourself more strategically about where invest accumulated money. I
prefer strategy to invest for development of pods because they enable
the increase of positive cash flow but immediately to build more
protection. I invest less to insurance in times when I see less
probability of damages due to knowledge acquired from observations of
comets. So adding the observation results to decision making
contribute to more balanced approach of risk management.             
      

Main
things I have learned by playing of this risk game are following:
a/
if you have really much assets, you will master any damages,
b/
if you have only few assets, even small damages can strongly diminish
your assets value.
c/
you need knowledge and to understand the probabilities of negative
events appearance, 

d/
insurance is not only mean for speculation bringing rewards only for
insurers, insurance is a right mean for protection of your assets. I
think in this game was not allowed to buy 100 percent protection
insurance, only 75 percent was the highest. But the more assets you
own, the bigger the damages also in case that every negative event
has only 20 percent impact on value of your assets.  

 

Task
3
To
say true in risk management are important only two things – you
follow right risk management principles and you have right risk
manager.  I found in big banks and insurance even bad risk managers
who were not able to identify risks and to prepare their institutions
for adequate response, as well as managers who were in difficulties
by deciding how much insurance to buy to cover expected risks
adequately. So if you expect only small change in this game, I can
propose one easy thing: the player as risk manager can choose whether
to insure the damages of pods or to
insure the damages caused
by lack of knowledge due to lack of observations. The more
observations you have, the less insurance you need. But the insurance
for damages of pods will remain. 
