1150054

ROLE OF RISK MANAGEMENT IN THE GAMERisk Management played a vital role in the game. In order to succeed and proceed to the next level, the threat of meteors need to be taken care of by various means - buying insurance, researching, community help etc and each needed to be done in the right amount to avoid wasteful use of resources. In terms of knowledge, i kept track of each meteor for its severity of hit and chances of hit. With regards to protection, i matched the severity of impact with my severity grading to reduce the impact and i bought the insurance with the maximum premium, if i  had the resources. As i progressed through the game, i learnt that preparation is a must to handle the impact of meteor, so i started preparing earlier, before the appearance of meteor.THINGS DONE DIFFERENTLY ON PLAYING THE GAME AGAIN A SECOND TIMEI played the game a couple of times. Initially i invested heavily on increasing my severity at the cost of community help, research and insurance. As a result i could not progress well.. Once i learnt to manage the risk, i started investing in research early so that by the time i was progressing in the mid-levels i had done quite some research if at all only on a few buildings, took the right amount of insurance as per the resources i had to reduce the repair charges and also focused on getting community help after an impact. But on plating the game further, i reached a standstill, where i was not able to progress beyond a certain level as getting the community help involved joining the dots and the coordination mechanism and response of the mouse was slow as compared to the time given to complete the task. SO i believe i should focus on bettering my coordination mechanism to make use of community help in reducing the impact of the meteor. In addition, one learns that time management is an important part or risk management. As the saying goes" Time and tide wait for none". So every second counts in the game and we should be alert all the time, ever ready to face the challenge. If an error is committed in the level 1, then it impacts all the levels and affects our progress through all the levels, SO we must plan early, manage the risk early, so that we may progress with east, through different levels of the game. CHANGES TO BE MADE TO BETTER REPRESENT RISK MANAGEMENT CHOICES IN THE PLACE WHERE I LIVEIf i was given a chance to change the game, i would add some portion with regards to a policy. Policy making is an important aspect of risk management, especially in the economic sector, disaster management etc. So, the player would be given an option to frame a policy or choose a policy or modify an existing policy as he wishes to achieve better outcomes. Policy making has an impact on a large amount of people and i believe is important in risk management. IN the place where i live, though some good policies exist, the main problem is in the implementation of such policies. The good policies failed to be implemented in the proper way in which they were expected to be implemented. So the policy maker is not to blame in such a situation, it is the enforcing agency which should take blame in such situation. Strengthening the enforcing mechanism will go a long way in reducing the impact of impact of any risk  in any situation. 