1154430

What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

 

Risk
management was represented simply through the risk of destruction to pods and
the measures that one could take in order to mitigate or avoid the risk of
damage. One could gain a basic understanding of risk management by making
choices about the level of research, protection and insurance one should invest
time and money on. In the game, I tried to achieve a balance between insurance
and protection; I protected my pods up to around four bars and insured up to
around level two. However, I found that time spent on research was well spent,
although this did leave me less time to build and upgrade pods, which meant
that time often ran out before I could reach a certain level in the game. If
several comets were coming at once, I was reluctant to invest more money in
development until the risks subsided. 

 

 

2

If you
played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it
again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

 

I
played the game several times in order to get up to level four. It took me a
while to get a handle on the game – to get a good balance between research,
insurance and protection – while developing pods in a limited period of time.
It helped demonstrate how tricky risk management can be while you’re trying to
weigh up the impact of the risks against cost of mitigating risk. I found that
it was worthwhile buying insurance and protection, but realized that it was not
worth buying too much of both, as together they help to reduce the damage
incurred. Research and communication seemed a very effective approach to risk
management. 

 

 

3

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

 

I would
change the game to reflect a real-life scenario, for example, showing the risk
of flooding on a city. 