1161846

The purpose of the game – Risk Horizon – is to develop a
community of Alora by building and upgrading pods. The community faces a
constant risk – comets. These comets can destroy pods. The risk can be managed
in several ways – by obtaining insurance to cover some of the losses incurred,
by researching comets and building connections within the community, and by
increasing protection (the slider bar). All these methods have certain monetary
cost (for example insurance costs certain amount of money), cost related to forfeited
opportunities (for example when a player is engaged in research he or she
cannot engage in other activities), or a combination of the two costs (for
example increasing protection with the slide bar costs money and results in
temporary forfeiture of development opportunities). 

I played the game multiple times and tested various risk
management strategies. First, I tried playing without any risk management, but
concentrated on building and upgrading pods only. This very quickly led to a
loss in the game. Then, I tried to employ one of the risk management tools at
the time (knowledge, insurance, or protection). This usually led to a loss in
levels 1 or 2. Therefore, I realized that in order to succeed in the game, all
risk management strategies had to be employed and balanced at the same time. By
doing so I was able to reach level 4 of the game. It is also worth mentioning that the first few times I played the game, I did not feel comfortable enough to employ all risk management strategies at the same time. In particular, I struggled to understand the importance of comet research. 

While the game was really good at capturing, in a simplified
way, various aspects of risk management, it suffered from one deficiency, in my
opinion. Based on my experience with the game, it seems that it does not
promote savings in any way. I was actually more successful when I fully used
all the money at my disposal, as soon as it became available. I feel like
having savings in the face of a serious risk is actually good, and provides a
safety cushion, which allows for a better recovery. Therefore, it would
actually be nice to allow users to set some money aside so that it can be used
to deal with the damage caused by comets. This would actually make it a little more realistic. 

