1170508

Role of risk management in the game—giving warning through
research and the ability to know the severity and the chance of target. Thus,
giving an ample time to the illuminator to adjust insurance and protection of
the place.  Furthermore, given such
access also allows the illuminator to construct new pods and or improve
existing ones for more progressive development.Choices, whether to take longer time doing research or
increasing protection, which also adversely affects resources. Research
increases, while protection deletes it but continues to be useful even after
zero. Preparing for risk impedes development and competes in the allocation of resources.
However, the component of Research, Protection and Insurance were of a good help. However, they became stumbling block as well against time and resources. Research, took most of the time because the cursor has to focus on the comets and wait upon the progress. While doing so, another comet is coming in a short distance from the first. Insurance, plays a good bond, whenever unexpectedly been hit by a severe comets.I played it countless times and I would have been more
conscious and careful with my combinations and to take more risk and study the
effect and respond on it simultaneously. My first trial has been just for fun. But
when I was hit and there is damage in my pods I slowly become serious and
serious thinking strategies and combination. But been disappointed with the
very limited time given. Thus, when its comet free, it was also no time left to
construct new pods or improve existing ones. I’ve learn in the game; balance, courage, coordination and
guts. Balancing development and protection with the aid of research and
insurance, while keeping in mind the constraint of time and resources. Courage
and guts, to try different strategies and combinations. Coordination, the whole
thing has to be coordinated to be able to develop and protect the Alora.







If I were to add something in the game, it would be Resilience.
That after being shocked, the place would be somehow recovers and be able to be
positive in continuing growth.

Maybe, I underestimate the whole
thing and or I myself wasn’t prepared for a risk. However, Filipinos in real
sense were resilient and very positive. So, if and only if the game shall be
available for long even after the quiz. I would love to re-take and will do my
very best to study the matters. It’s very interesting and challenging. My experience
has been a thriller and I am yes confused and shocked but happy to have tried
it with my very best. I am certain to do it over and over again. Learning to be
more calm and think and be conscious of the factors affecting and will be
affected. It’s a good thing to be reminded and to witness such catastrophe in
the game setting wherein adjustment could be done and correction in every
error.

 

 

 