1175838

1. The game brought out the relevance of the risk management and
the application of available tools for development.

While development is the KPI in this game, there are
uncertainties which affect development. This game illustrated very well the application
of risk management elements and tools viz. knowledge (research to gain that
knowledge about events), protection by raising the level of pods, insurance and
coping (making community connections and having to rebuild the pods by saving
ahead for those repairs).

The trade-offs were quite apparent in the sense that you
would have less resources for development while you devote some towards
protection and insurance. I made a choice to start development immediately,
protect existing development by raising level to reduce damage and have
insurances in place for repairs, early on in the game. The initial costs
related to protection and insurance far outweigh the benefits of damage from
comet hits later on.

One thing was, I invested in research as soon as I sighted a
comet on the horizon, so it gives more time to prepare and make community connections
in the event it happens. Another thing I did, was to make sure there were some
$ always available to make repairs – the lesser the damage.2. I should admit I did a few iterations to reach level 3 but haven’t
crossed it. So obviously, I haven’t got the development-resource-risk equations
or the diversification part right. Perhaps I invested too much in protection
and insurance. After the first attempt where I lost in level 2, I was trying
different combinations of resource allocation to development, protection and
insurance. The equations were not apparent and there was not enough time to
figure them out.

If I were to play only once I would try to broaden development
first and then focus on protection and insurance in that order. It seems a
logical way to approach development in general. The uncertainties such as
natural disasters depicted in the game could result in any outcome but I think that
this approach could work in the long term as more development would more
resources to protect, insure and cope.

For me, the game was quite insightful in thinking about my approach
to the development problem (rather to life in general). My learning is that for
successful development, you have to figure out the development-resource-risk
equations. Community connections are very important in expediting development
by sharing knowledge and coping experiences.3. First of all, fantastic game with a lot of insights and practical
relation with life/development, in general. One thing I would like to add the
game is community connections before the event to share the coping experiences.
I think if one were to have advance information about preventive actions and how
to cope, one would be better placed to cope with the risks and outcomes.

This is the same change I would encourage to better manage
risk in my workplace and community at large. I believe we don’t have to reinvent
the wheel every time to discover solutions for successful development. We can
learn vicariously from others’ experiences and approaches. However, blindly
following others’ approach will not yield success. Every context has different
equations and requires tailored solutions.