1186468

1. The game, simple as it is, teaches
one to maintain the proper balance between research, investment,
preparation, insurance.
The risk management had the role to
correctly assess the damage after being hit, to take the best
measures for the less possible damage and for the better recovery.
My preferred choices were to research,
buy insurance and build, the trade-off being a slower development.
The impact on development was both
short and long-term, as the investments in research and insurance
reduced the development speed but also the energy level was more
difficult to keep over time.

2. I played the game several times,
trying to change parameters from one game to another. I started by
focusing on the quick development of the “town”, upgrading the
pods, then I decided towards the strategy of building as many pods as
possible and neglecting to upgrade them. At the beginning I observed
that it is difficult to withstand the damage received by the
buildings, and that research is an important part of the process. I
found out that no matter how well developed the “town” is,
neglecting the community is a bad idea: community connection can help
your long term protection. By connecting to neighbors and community
you manage to decrease the shock and of course the impact that the
risk will have on the community, so I invested more in research to
allow me more time to develop the mutual support of the pods.
Obviously, the first step I did at the
beginning of each level was the insurance. It costs more and slows
the upgrading down but the repair costs are lower and it looks better
when you draw the line at the end. I also tried to the raise the
platform to a level that does not influence my research time very
much but together with the research allows the best protection.

3. Since the primary threat is comets,
I would add one single item: a weapon that can be used to blast off a
comet before it hits the sea once per level, so the comet assessed as
the biggest threat would be eliminated.
However, to maintain the balance of the
game, I would condition the firing of the gun with a drop of the
platform level.
The changes I would propose concerning
the risk management choices that matter in the area I live would
involve the climate induced risks, such as floods, heavy rains or
snows, fires due to storms.
I would improve real estate insurance
strategies, I would increase prevention for damages produced by
storms, hurricanes, heavy rains.
I would focus on building new dams or
improve the existing ones to prevent floods.