1190401

Greeting from Alora!While Alora is not a real place, the choices are!  Basically, the game is an illustration of "scarcity."  It is a story of asset allocation and risk mitigation.  It is an exercise in lowering "shocks" (comet crashes) and increasing prosperity (pods and pod upgrades).  The game, RiskHorizon, uses very limited but effective variables to teach these lessons.  The player can choose different risk allocation by changing their choices in the game.  Game choices for risk mitigation are:  1) knowledge, 2)  protection, and 3)  insurance.  The assets to be allocated are:  1)  wealth and 2)  time (after all the game is timed and you only have a certain time to reach the desired goal).  Accordingly, a player must constantly make trade-off choices between the various risk mitigation safeguards while effectively maximizing their asset allocations.  For example, a player can gain "knowledge" on a comet by simply clicking on the comet in question.  This builds up "connection time" should the comet actual strike and allows for risk mitigation in that way; however, while a player is engaged in this "knowledge" pursuit, they can not do any other activities as their cursor is "locked" on the comet---so, the players cost is time.  This is only one example of the myriad of choices that this simple, yet effective, game teaches.I played the game multiple times, varying strategies each time.  I constantly struggled with the question:  Is it better to build several small pods or a few larger ones?  Is it better to have more insurance or more time ("knowledge") for community linkage?  In the beginning,  I took the approach that I would just build out as quickly as possible and take my chances with the comets (what the financial analysis would call a "risk on" approach).  The results were not good, and it quickly became clear to me that attempts to "overpower" the risk by simply attempting to "out-grow" the resource problem would not work.  In order to experience any long term success (to reduce the "shocks"), I had to engage in all elements the game allowed for risk mitigation---insurance (often at the 75% level), knowledge (often building up the maximum community connection time), and protection (raising the cities level above the sea).  If I could redesign the game, I think I would try to increase the "knowledge component" of the game.  It would be a "super-knowledge" component where it not only cost time but a great deal of wealth---maybe this would be like a "comet shield" or "under ground/water" pods.  The protection afforded by this "super knowledge" component would be higher (perhaps complete), but it would have a high ongoing expense to maintain. However, while this may enhance the choices and outcomes, it would not change the basic principles of economics at the core of the game:  all resources have a scarcity factor; diversification produces better overall risk mitigation; and, at some point, virtually every action has a point of diminishing returns.Signing out from Alora!