1191782

The risk horizon game is a beautiful representation of the importance of risk management in real life for individuals, firms and societies. In real world, risk can be perceived and experienced by entities because of a wide array of probable and possible events and similarly there are gamut of risk mitigation and management strategies that are available. The game succinctly classifies the various risk mitigation strategies under the labels of research, protection and insurance.I played the more than once as I had difficulty understanding how to reach the next levels in the first few instances of the game. However, I realized the importance of the various options of risk mitigation by the end of the third iteration of the game and could reach level 5 in the fourth instance of my game. The wide range of choices and trade-offs I had to make to pass each level amazed me. I will try to explain what I had learned through my decision making process in the game in the next couple of paragraphs.To start with, I had to first make the choice of how many pods I have to build in the first couple of levels as I had a limit on the amount of money I could spend on building them as well as upgrading them. After building a few pods in the first few levels, I had to focus on the risk mitigation strategies based on the severity, chance of impact and speed at which the comets were arriving. I focused mainly on playing safe by protecting Alora by investing in insurance and protection before even the comets started to fall on the island. In fact I have realized that protection was more effective than research in the instance of my game. Research was equally (or slightly less) important as it reduced the damage due to the impact.To sum up, I focused on these issues in this order (first one most important)1. Protection2. Insurance3. Development and Expansion of Pods on the Island4. Research Thanks to the team for conceptualizing such a nice game. The game in itself was very good but if I was given a chance to modify or make a change to the game, I would bring in some spatial and temporal elements. Disruption risk events do not impact each place in a region equally and recovery from these events also takes different amount of time for different places in a region. This would also mean changes in the protection and insurance levels for different pods at different places on the island.For example, if Alora was placed as an island in the middle of the sea and comets keep falling at different places, how would an individual make choices on levels of protection, insurance and research. This would add slight level of complication to the game but nevertheless would be interesting according to me.