1213407

Combined Response to Question 1 and 2The role of risk management in the game
was to prevent AURORA from being hit by comets that were threatening
both its survival and further development. In order to limit the losses caused by the falling comets (ex-ante risk management), I was responsible for
making a series of decisions concerning knowledge, protection and insurance. In
doing so, I observed three main things.

 First, the criteria informing my
decision-making evolved in the course of the game. At first, I was spending
most resources on insurance (I would normally go for the most expensive insurance covering 75% of
damages) and I was completely ignoring protection (I had not read the
instructions carefully and I was oblivious of the fact that raising the level
of Aurora would be a perfect complement to my insurance efforts). Once again,
as in some many other aspects of life, information was key for a successful completion of the exercise.

Second, based on the available description of
comets’ severity, my immediate understanding (or rather failed assumption) was that red comets
were generally the most severe ones. Therefore, as I soon as I saw one
approaching Aurora, I would automatically increase my spending on insurance and
protection. However, I was not really taking into account that each comet had a different chance
of hitting Aurora. Therefore, I understood that
knowing the severity of a given shock is not sufficient in and of itself. What
is also needed is an updated knowledge (and strategic use of it) on the actual risk
that any given shock will affect you. That having been said, I am aware that
one is not always in a privileged position to foresee both the magnitude of the
risk and the likelihood that it will hit you (and at what time). Therefore, a
constant vigilance is required (as effectively demonstrated by my continued
going back and forth with my mouse across the different areas for protection,
knowledge and insurance in response to both the severity of the each individual
falling comet and the needs for upgrading the already existing pods).

Third, it is misleading to believe that
investing in the best possible insurance available will spare you from risks,
as I had initially thought. First, although it is tempting to go for more risks
(as you are aware that the effects of failures derived from your own actions
will be mitigated by the insurance provider), I understood that you might put
yourself more at risk this way. In particular, investing a vast amount of resources on
insurance (besides discouraging any parallel research and protection efforts
for which you would not have any money) might also detract resources from other
expenses that are necessary to foster development processes (e.g., through the construction
of effective infrastructures- the same ones that risk management is tasked with
protecting from shocks; and the provision of services of public utility).

Overall, I understood that for
effective risk management to take place, one must be adaptive, realistic and
flexible in combining adequate and timely knowledge with tailored insurance packages and opportunistic protection measures.

Response
to Question 3: While I find the allegory of the falling comets as
external shocks quite interesting, I believe that it might be worth
including some more development-related scenarios in
the future versions of this game. Also, I
wonder whether it would be possible to simplify the language used in the the game and provide more specific instructions directly on the Course homepage so that users will have a better idea of what it is expected of them before they start the game.