1216603

This little
island in a strange world resembles in many ways a country, at the beginning,
resources are not many, security is a myth and insurance seems like as an
unimportant inversion, this can serve as an analogy for developing countries.
When you progress, increase your incomes and infrastructure, things are done
more easily, because of a surplus of incomes, expending on things that will be
not be sensed in the short term and which one if not sure if they are going to
be used, doesn’t seem like a questionable idea.

As one of
the lectures stated, obstacles can come in the way of incentives, information,
behavior and resources; taking apart incentives and behavior (variables that
are not taking into consideration in the game) we only have left information
and resources. Developed countries tend to be more resilient, because risk management
is expensive, that’s why in the game the first thing that I did was to increase
my island’s incomes. The construction of buildings later pays off as a passive
income that gave me the resources to prepare for risk. After that I got
insurance as fast as I could, and while I was collecting money I acquired
knowledge of the meteor that later would serve me in case I would have to cope
with it. Insurance may look as the less prior thing to invest on, but when a
meteor clashes having not to pay all the repairs really helps the island progress
not to stiff. 

Of course,
insure by itself is not enough, as soon as there were more resources protection
was the next thing to invest on. Having protection helps your island not to
take so much damage from shocks. Meteors serve to illustrate how risk has a
certain degree of uncertainty, and a key point to be prepared is by acquiring
knowledge, or in the game’s case, watching it.

After there
is a shock and lights turn on, is like when a natural disaster occurs, people
have to cope with it as fast as they can, transferring useful information and
resources to the whole net to better affront crisis.

 I would play the game again but only for fun,
I got to the last level on my first try, thus there mustn’t be many things to
change, I hope I’m not sounding arrogant fellow reader hahah.

 The game manages to illustrate many of the
factors of risk management, the only thing that I would change is the manner in
which knowledge was acquired, in the game it was free, one just only had to
click and gain knowledge, in real life getting knowledge costs money and
resources, this was not taken into consideration in the real game. It would be
great to have a game concerning risk management in the form of insecurity; I
live in Caracas, the second most insecure city in the world, having about 134
homicides for every 100k people as in 2013. It’s a general problem in most of
LAC countries, which I am not sure how could the world bank could help.