1218696

1.  The role of risk management in the game was preparing for the potential disaster (shock) caused by the falling comets.  While building and upgrading pods, I also increased protection, did research on comets (enhance knowledge), and purchased insurance.  The preparation for risk affected development by reducing the damages caused by the falling comets.  For example, by continuing research on comets and increasing protection, the damages caused by the falling comets could be minimized. By clicking on the comet and keeping its box focused on the screen, I was able to accumulate research.  Doing research on the comets will also provide knowledge on the chance of hitting and severity of potential damages.  Using the knowledge, i increased protection and purchased insurance accordingly.  Because of the accumulated research, there is more time for creating community connections.  When the falling comets hit, the damages could be reduced.  However, sometimes, there could still be some damages.  The insurance could help cover part of the cost for rebuilding the damaged pods.  2.  I played the game more than once.  At first, I didn't really pay attention to research on the falling comets.  Thus, initially, I only increased protection and purchased insurance in preparation for the potential damages that could be caused by the falling comets.  However, after I found out about clicking on the comet and keeping its box focused on the screen to accumulate research, I did that and was able to reduce damages significantly.  Moreover, when I see a comet with a potential for severe damages, I increased protection level even further and purchased insurance to cover the potential risk of damages.  By doing so, I was able to minimize the damages caused by the falling comets. I learned that it is important to balance development (building and upgrading pods) with risk management (preparing for the damages caused by the comets).3. If I am tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows me to change or add one simple thing, I would propose to add the risk of scarcity or depletion of natural resources available for building the pods (materials needed to build the pods).   This could potentially increase the cost of the materials for building the pods.  One way to solve the problem would be to use alternative materials that are more abundant.  This may require research for new technology and innovation to find methods and materials that are more accessible and sustainable.