1238357

The role of risk management in the game is first, to help me identify the risks and opportunities and second, to help me mitigate and cope with the possible consequences.The main risk is comet damages. The main opportunity is development. For development I have two choices: either to spread my development into many plots, or to focus development on some plots. The former is low cost however risks wide spread damage if the comet hits, and seems to have lower return. The latter is higher cost with higher return, even though if damage happens, the repair cost will also be higher. Early game, to determine when to spread and when to upgrade are crucial. Development might also be halted to improve protection, or delay to make budget for insurance which will be discussed later on.For comet damages, there are three methods for risk management. Research helps lower the risks, protections lessens damage and insurance makes coping with the consequence easier. Research is free and should be done any time you are not busy with any thing else (which are indeed rare moments after level 3). Protection costs both money and development progress, so to strike a balance between protection and development is difficult. Insurance always feel like unnecessary, especially for early levels. However, when damage happens, it's almost unrecoverable loss without insurance. Also, most of the time, there can be 3 or 4 comets/risks presented, and I have to balance research time for each based on its speed, potential damages, etc.For my first game, I always bought insurance and bought new plots instead of upgrading. I kept my protection around 4, or 5, occasionally raise it when I have time. My first comet damage happens around level 3, and even though the insurance covers it, my development speed was too slow to pass level 4.For my second game, I bought insurance after level 3, since I realized it might not be necessary earlier on. I still kept my protection high (always raised it after I had made 3 or 4 upgrades). I made it to level 5 when comet damages led to unrecoverable loss despite insurance.What I have learnt from the game is that, despite my first thought that there would be a way to avoid damage completely, it would happen eventually, therefore, to neglect insurance will be costly overall. Therefore, the important consideration is when I should start consider insurance. Also, I always have to balance between the risk and the opportunities, since neglecting either will cost the game.If I am going play another time (which I definitely will), I will try to determine a better balance between protection and development.If I am to change a simple thing about the game, it will be to add a risk of development. Currently, the risk of upgrading is higher repair cost. However, in real life, there is also the problem of higher technology are difficult to apply in developing countries. Therefore, there could be a risk of failure if you upgrade too fast. For example, the 1st plot that upgrade to level 3 will have a 40% chance of failing, each subsequent level 3 upgrade will reduce the risk by 20% (so there will be almost no risk of upgrading to level 3 if you have 3 level-3 plot already. For this to happen, the cost of upgrading in the game should be slightly lower to make it not impossible.