1240958

First of all, I have to admit
that the game was very interesting and most relevant for the subject of the
present MOOC. In a simplified manner, the risk management consisted in making
decisions and taking action in order to protect the communities from natural
disasters, but, at the same time, to ensure the development of the society. The
most important issue was to properly manage the limited resources, time and
money, in order to assure the development and also protection of the community.
Like in real live, each action, or better said, each decision implied a
trade-off, an opportunity cost, that had to be considered before applying a
certain measure. For instance, spending money on assuring protection by lifting
the land or acquiring insurance determined important decreases in funds,
leaving less money available for establishing and developing of pods.  Moreover, spending time on research, in order
to better understand the nature of the calamity and more properly evaluate the
potential losses of a hit, left less time for other activities like development
of pods or protection by lifting the island.

Also a very important aspect of
the game was to realize that actions and decisions for protection have to match
with the probability of a natural disaster and the estimation of probable
losses in case of hit. Therefore, it was important to spend time on research in
order to better estimate the probability of hit and know if there is a clear necessity
of increasing protection, while by estimating the potential losses, one could
have a more information in order to decide on the necessity of buying insurance
or developing the pods. 

From one level to another, the
burden was tougher, the opportunity cost of a decision being higher. Rewards for
development of pods were also higher, but insurance and the cost of upgrading
the existing pods were more expensive, so decisions were harder and tougher to
take. Considering also the limited time for taking action, the upper levels were
pretty difficult. 

I played the game several times,
in order to better understand the case and this enabled me to use several
strategies. I first spent resources mainly on developing pods and insuring
protection, but it was not a good strategy as resources were used inefficiently
and chaotic considering the probabilities of natural disasters. I then realized
that the best strategy was to find the proper mix of resource allocation for
research, protection and development as to match with the chance of hit and
probability of losses. As first I did not pay much attention to research, I then realised that it provided important information which enabled me to take better decisions on how to allocate resources. Other important think was that keeping an eye on research gave the possibility to adjust, right before an imminent comet hit, the protection or insurance level, as the more time I spent on research, the more the change of hit and damage estimations were more accurate.    

As a continuation of the game or
an increase in difficulty in next levels, I would think of introducing the possibility
to lend money from a bank or other international institution such as the
present World Bank or the International Monetary Fund in order to introduce the possibility of managing
funds and repayment. Another possibility would be or diversifying the nature of
the disasters by introducing other threats beside the possibility of comet hits,
like the emergence and spread of infectious diseases, famine or social riots after
comet hits.     