1258793

Reflections on Risk
Horizon Game. 


In the game risk
management played following role: You needed to develop your society,
but also you needed to keep in mind that when you have too many pods
in the end when the asteroid strikes you might not be able to build
them up on time. Also when you protected pods by raising the ground
your development in the game will be halted. So you needed to find a "sweet spot" in another words a balance between building, rebuilding and protecting your little society. 
The following trade
offs were made: when gaining knowledge your pod building efficiency
will be lower.  As said before the protection of the pods will be
also haulting your game development. Insurance were best to be bought
the third level rather than buying the cheaper one. So the best was
to start with preparations before the time, but you should also be
mindful that you had sufficient amount of finances. I did not understand what was the tradeoff or gain when trying to link the societies. 
I played the game
several times as I am not very good at games and it was bit lacking
the directions, so first times it was more as a test runs to understand what would be the affects. Therefore in the end I tried to build some pods and
upgrade them continuously, but was also mindful that I had insurance
as well as enough finances to rebuild after the asteroid strike as
well as develop new pods to recover fast. I also tried to learn more about asteroids, but it was also bit fuzzy how it would be possible to use the data more effectively. 
If I could change
one thing in the game. it would be hard to pick as I would like to change/improve following two areas.  I would change that when you lose, your game
will be not totally restarted as it does now. Another idea could be
that you could be able to control your finances better as currently
is totally out of your control and that makes it quite hard to
prepare, as you do not know how much finances will be available and
when it will be available. Also what is the thing with asteroids striking you in the end of game so you will be not able to build your pods up on time. 
After all it was
nice game, but some more introduction on certain areas would be
definitely an improvement.  