1277924

A
variety of uncertainties are challenging development interventions on a daily
basis. The necessity and demand for increased effectiveness and efficiency of
these interventions is greater than ever. This article argues that the success
of development interventions depends to a large extent on the ability of
development places to face uncertainties and manage risks. 

So how can we address
uncertainties and increase the effectiveness of development interventions? Of
course, from the perspective of a development organisation not all
uncertainties matter but only those, which might have an impact, either
positive or negative, on achieving the development objectives. By analyzing
uncertainty from the perspective of its likelihood of happening and the range
of possible impacts, random uncertainties can be turned into probable events –
or risks. We cannot manage uncertainties but we can manage risks by tackling
either the likelihood of their happening or the impact of such on the
organisation. For instance, if the security situation in a fragile state
deteriorates, the development organisation promoting polio vaccination might
suspend its operations in that country.

Managing
risks means to understand, evaluate and take the necessary steps to increase
the probability of success and reduce the likelihood of failure.
Risk management specifically deals with the uncertainties inherent in any
development intervention. By identifying and evaluating these uncertainties
development places are better placed to be able to make informed decisions and
this will lead to fewer losses and more gains

Seemingly
simple steps like being alert to risks, avoiding threats and maximizing
opportunities, and feeding the learning back into the implementation – requires
a fundamental change in the way we think and work in the development sector.

 

Another reason why risk
management is still in its infancy is that development organisations lack the
capacity to respond or adapt. The assumptions about cause and effect
relationships built into the design of development interventions often become
obsolete during the course of their implementation. In constantly evolving
development situations it is essential to ensure fast – virtually real-time –
learning, enabling a speedy withdrawal from activities that are failing and a
scaling up to support activities that get the expected traction.

This requires a certain
degree of flexibility in development interventions and adaptive capacities on
the part of organisations which are not yet there.

Another fundamental
challenge to mainstream risk management, which I would like to mention here is
that the concept of risk management has yet to be defined and agreed upon in
the development sector.

The practice of risk
consideration in development organisations often goes no further than a
consideration of the risks known at the time when a project or programme is
designed, which in turn shapes the whole ‘theory of change’ i.e., which
activities to implement and what results to expect. Accordingly, the
prioritization of project and programme monitoring is often focused on
monitoring the progress and signaling any significant deviations from the
activities planned or the (intermediate) results expected. In this sense, the
traditional form of progress monitoring implies a retrospective analysis of
what has already happened with little possibility of anticipating the future
dynamic. 