1293979

I started the game without understanding what is to be done. However, the game graphics and click instructions are good enough for a novice to understand and act. As I started developing the land, I neither knew the risk nor its implications. However, as I repeated the game, I could slowly grasp the availability of insurance and leveraging it against the risk. As first, I developed the entire land and kept upgrading them. However, that strategy didn't pay-off as the level of catastrophe was more compared to what I could rebuild. So, gradually I changed my strategy to build one and upgrade it to withstood more impact. However, I could not go beyond level 5 upgrade as every time got stuck at level 2 of the game. The repetition of impact for not predictable and hence I ensured the highest insurance coverage for the loss. Having insurance did help in facing the risk with repair and further upgrade opportunity. So that did help prepare for the risk for development. I played the game multiple times as it took me a while to understand the game setup and define strategy. Initially, I tried to build on all the available land development spots without insurance. However, that didnt leave me anything is upgrade or repair. Then I reduced the number of land development spots and bought insurance for repair coverage. That did help me to some extent, however, was not sufficient for further upgrade. That way, I came down to one development and upgraded it to level 5 to better prepare for risk and with higher insurance coverage. So, that way I kept trying to get an optimal number of developments with subsequent upgrades. I think the key takeaways from the game are as follows;1. Know your environment and surrounding to understand risk involved.2. Identify measures to counter the risk and take appropriate action to prepare for it.3. Save enough to weather the aftermath of the risk materialization to rebuild and prepare again for it.4. Strengthen the structure to make it risk proof if possible and resources permitting.The game demonstrates the risk involved in meteor attack with earthquake. The periodicity of the meteors is not known and the intensity as well. If it was possible to predict that and provide the information in advance with impacted areas that might help in determining the land development spot. Also, additional information on potential loss to better prepare for consequences.