1297622

Question 1: The game showed in a very practical way the different components of risk management, its importance as well possible trade-offs that have to be made for a successful risk management strategy. The knowledge aspect which was simulated through the research component showed the importance of doing research to gain knowledge and information on potential upcoming risks. The protection component showed the cost and financial burden that comes with protection, while lowering the probability and size of negative shocks and mitigating their impact. Lastly, the insurance plans offered reduced the cost of repair after a collision. My personal strategy was to invest in a balanced manner in all three components (knowledge, protection, insurance). Due to financial and time restraints, choices had to be made under pressure. The investments in protection can be considered as preparations for shocks; the more investments have been made, the lower the negative impact of the shock. The preparation in risk affect development paid off in every single case and showed the positive balance of risk management. Further, the game showed in a very clear way the importance to focus on all three/four aspects of risk management. If single aspects are being neglected, negative effects of shocks are overly proportional. Question 2: If I would only have played the game one single time and I were to play it again, I would invest more into protection than into upgrading the facilities. This is a very typical scenario which happens in many parts of the world: Instead of investing in earthquake resistant buildings, governments try to promote the construction industry which is contributing to economic development and providing shelter to people using non-earthquake-resistant but cheap building materials. This is a typical problem of wrong incentives and lacking structures of accountability with Governments.Question 3: The game captures in a simplified way many aspects of risk management. If I were tasked to develop a new version of the game, I would two things. Firstly, the coping aspect does not materialize in a very clear way. Clicking the different yellow-colored spots does not really explain difficult coping mechanisms. Secondly, research in the current version of the game is only consuming time but not money. In reality, even doing research before investing in protection mechanisms has cost-implications. Thinking of country-specific research on how to best and most cost-effective prepare for earthquakes and other natural disasters is costly. Besides that, I think that the game shows very clearly the choices and trade-offs one is confronted in risk management. 