1298523

1. The role of risk management in the game was to
develop a strategy in real time that educates us how to carry on a healthy
development through risk management, by preparing and protecting against
unforeseen shocks. Preparation creates resilience and prosperity as we can see
that we are able to research each comet before attack, similarly investing in
protection helps avert dangerous consequences. Another way to protect the
community was by taking adequate insurance while development took place.Playing the game, we have three strategies to use and
balance risk preparation and healthy development, namely; the power of research,
protection and insurance. Learning more about the comet will give you better insight into how severe it will be and the probability of hitting you. There instances when the comet appear severe to level say three but as you study it more, it changes to either two or even four. While playing the game the first time I trade-off
insurance of $300, and continued to obstruct the meteor by clicking on them
to prevent them from hitting. Also protection cost were incurred to raise the
Island by filling the protection bar and protect it from being hit, by diverting
the meteor and reconstructing quickly after suffering damage from each hit. 2. After my first attempt when I only built 2 pods, then successively I tried with 3 then 4 and finally 5. 5 pods worked perfect with my strategy of the game, with a 50% insurance after the 1st level.  Building pods helped me receive progress. Remember, pods are metaphorical for development. In Alora, these represent the growth of their community. The more pods, the more they feel their world is growing healthily. Therefore, even if you have avoided damage by protecting and insuring, if you only have one or two pods, that's only a fraction of your potential development. You have so much potential for growth. One thing we can take away from this exercise is that good risk management and preparations can avert most of the shocks through timely interception. The game is thus designed in a way that players would be able to metaphorically analyze how balancing effectively between risk management options leads to healthy development.3. One of the frustrating thing that could happen to you in the game is, if you get hit by a comet at the wrong time (i.e., in the last 30 seconds or so before the end of level 2), you do not have a chance to get into the green again, because repairing the pods takes longer than the remaining time you have in this level. There should something within the games framework to mitigate this risk.The risk assessment process in the place we live is not about creating huge amounts of paperwork; it is about identifying and taking sensible and proportionate measures to control the risks. We may already be taking steps to control the risks, but the assessment process will help us decide whether we should be doing more. We may need to consider different elements of risk when producing our assessment, including:the common risks to everyone on the premises, for example, risks from electrical equipment and transport.the common risks to people using services, for example, from falls from height or scalding. the individual risks to particular groups, for example expectant mothers and young workersthe individual risks to the most vulnerable living in the housing society throughout the neighborhood. 