1319986

The game is quite simplistic but it effectively shows the importance of choice in limited resource situation. You are forced to decide
Whether you spend an extra dollar on development or protection. Development can be vanished by one big loss if you don't have a working protection, however protection makes sence only if have something to protect
What is the best way of protection: physical protection constructions / process of comunity self defence supported by reseach  or a financial tool — insurance What is the best development strategy: a lot of low developed assets, a mega-developed "center" of several clustersI played the game several times to get familiar and elaborate the best strategy. Finally I decided that clustered approach works better than any other. I started with 3-4 pods and develop them to level 3-4 before putting next building on the ground. First I tried to use insurance but then found out that it is better to protect society physically and avoid damage than look for insurance covering a loss. Research/connections and protection constructions must be in balance — it is near impossible to protect the society with physical constructions, it is just too costly, so research also plays important role. With these rules applied I managed to play the game several times with no damage at all.

Other observations:
It is better to prepare for a shock than to cure injuries
Never forget development in protection: the well developed system is agile and resilient
It is better to have small well-developed units than a lot of "territogy claim" you cannot protect (I believe this is this game specific feature, not a universal rule. In some cases diversification strategy works better than centralization)
Insurance do not pay off: you'd better develop and protect society than take money for repair (again this may be a game specific truth but it also is well known that insurance is a negative sum game for a customer)
Possible improvements
Currently the game shows a perfectly connected society: in case of a disaster every pod is damaged to the same degree. It also may be valuable to design some rules of partial damage to show pros and cons of connected/disconnected worlds
Also money inflow is not clearly connected to the level of development. If money are earned faster in more developed society it would be much more evident that development itself is a protection