1323625

Let’s define as “tasks” the terms of
protection, research and insurance, plus wealth of the game

 

1-   The risk management is the key
strategy of the game. We have to balance the main four tasks of the game in
order to be ready for any shock without keeping developing.

My choices
for each task was always affected by the others, being in general as follows:

·       
Wealth:
as it’s the main evaluation of the game (in terms of success of failure), my
strategy was to keep always the bar in green color, investing the rest in other
items. Sometimes it was needed to improve protection or buy an insurance sacrificing
the green color, but only for a while.

·       
Insurance:
The best approach is to buy the insurance at the beginning of each level for
the maximum amount. At the end there will always be a shock from which you
cannot protect and it deserve the cost of repair and the time to be operative.
However in case of lack of wealth, especially at the beginning, it could be
compensated by a good research; and buy it in the case of the severity of the
meteor is bigger than your protection, meanwhile you can invest in wealth and
protection but paying attention to the fact that you need to have enough wealth
to cover the insurance price.

·       
Protection:
The best approach for this task is to have it between level 5 or 6, till your
wealth allow you more. The cost to move up one level is more expensive than the
cost of the previous level, so reaching the level 9 would much more expensive
then reaching the level 5 two times from zero. Therefore, keeping always at
least the same level of the severity level of the shock will fully protect you.
In case it’s impossible to reach maximum protection then it should be
compensated with research and good insurance. In summary, you cannot protect
100% from the risks in real life.

The preparation for risk affect the development
in the short term due to the need to invest in items different then wealth, but
in the medium/long term boost the development because without the protection
all the progress would have been destroyed with the first shock.

 

2-     I played the game two times, in the
second time the strategy was similar to the first one, except for the
insurance, I didn´t understood fully how it works in the first game.

The main lesson from the game can be summarized
with what it was said in one of the videos of this week, we need to invest in
risk management in a realistic way. Investing in only one item is not enough to
manage the risk, you need realistically split the investments.

3-     As one small change could be the
inclusion other types of risks. In order to avoid trivialize the shocks, in
this case meteor shock, which hopefully never happen in the modern times, maybe
it could be included earthquakes or others risks. Splitting also the type of
protection and research. In order to avoid the increase of difficulty it could
be just done per level. Level 1, risk of earthquake, level 2 risk of floods,
etc…