1324161

I enjoyed playing the game.  I played more than once.  The first time I played, it was without tutorial.  But that's just me; I like figuring-things-out.  However, after playing so, I realized that I will do well to review the tutorial as there were a lot of factors to comprehend.After reviewing the tutorial, when I played the game for the second time, I made the mistake of buying insurance too late in level 2, thinking that I can buy it cheap here and that it would carry to next level.  It wouldn't.  As such, I ended up depleting my wealth without any benefit.The other thing I couldn't figure out in my second attempt was how to invest in building knowledge of meteors.  I kept clicking on the meteors to see how to invest in research for them, but I wasn't able to do so.  Also, in this attempt, I focused too much on protection without considering the declining marginal utility.  Since insurance can not be very helpful in the even of a catastrophy, I spent a lot of wealth in increasing the community elevation to protection level 10.  Since the meteors that were coming in level 3 had more likelihood of hitting and had higher severity, I wanted to minimize the damage by having the highest level of protection, and by buying the highest level of insurance.  However, it meant that I didn't have enough money to repair my pods when the calamity actually hit.  After learning more from the previous two attempts, I iterated with the game again.  This time, I focused on buying insurance early, and then spending on protection later.  Even while buying protection, I made it a rule of not going beyond 60%.  This strategy worked well for me as when meteor hit, I had very little damage due to protection and the amount that I had to spend on repair was partly covered by insurance.  Thus, allowing me to advance in the game. Using the learning that community connections aid in faster recovery, I focused on making the pods as advanced (and as early) as possible.  This strategy, however, didn't work too well for me as the time to establish connection I felt was too little.  I understand it was in the game by design so as to highlight the importance of quick reaction among community members to help each other in case of calamity, but it kind of ended up becoming dependent on the comfort of the user with the trackpad.  Despite this, I was well on my way to reach the goal.  However, I lost the level 4 as a meteor struck in the last 30 seconds of the level, causing significant damage and leaving me with very little time to recuperate.In my later attempt, I focused on building wealth to have enough money to be able to repair the pods when a meteor strikes rather than focusing on having the most advanced pod to start with.  This strategy was working well, but then like in my last attempt, a meteor struck in the last 30 seconds.  It all boils down to a point that I had eluded to earlier that I couldn't spend enough resources in understanding/researching the meteors.In order to improve the game, I would include the 'unknown unknowns.'  May be they are already there as you reach level 6, but currently everything seems defined, which can underwhelm a risk manager.