1359836

At
first, I was hesitant in building the community as I know a comet will hit the
ocean and the impact will affect the Alora. 
So what I did is to build the structures one by one and do as much research
as I can on the severity and chance of hit of the comet as I believe that if
you know the risk, you will more likely be able to prevent it from happening
and/or mitigate the effects of the risk.

However,
as I go on with the game, I noticed that having more time on research does not
guarantee success from overcoming the effect of a comet hit. I failed at Level
1 and tried again.  This time, I tried to
balance research with enough insurance and the level of protection that I think
Alora needs whenever a comet is coming. 

But
then, I failed again.  I think the reason
why I failed this time is that I didn’t notice that I bought as much insurance
that I can get and most Alorian insurance salesmen will force you to renew
plans every round and as you get to another round, premiums are getting higher
which eventually dried up your resources.

Learning
from my previous failed levels, I tried again. 
This time, really trying to balance research, insurance, protection, and
also the quick coping strategies whenever Alora was hit by a comet.  I didn’t research so much, I didn’t buy the
highest insurance package but the package that is just in the middle, I didn’t
forget to always protect Alora before a comet actually hit the ocean, and more
importantly the speed of making community connections by connecting the pods when
a flood or shock is coming.

By
trying to balance everything in one level, I learned that the information we
have about the comet is not perfect. 
Calculations of severity and chance of hit might be wrong and for
community like Alora, any community builder should not be confident that the
research is 100% accurate, that the insurance will be able to cover the cost of
damage, and the level of protection is high because even if I reached Level 4
and built a very beautiful community along my way from Level 1-3, I failed at
that level.  I wasn’t able to move on
anymore and decided to stop, not because I got the maximum points for the game
but because at last I’ve learned my lesson. 

On
the flip side, if I would be tasked to develop a new version of the game, I
would add another community outside Alora where it can get assistance
other than the support that it gets within the community.  Especially if the severity of the hit is high
and Alora can’t just cope on its own, I believe an international community will
always be there to help in re-building the Alora after a disaster.

Moreover,
my takeaway for Week 2’s lesson and game can be summed up by the message that I
got after failing at Level 4:  “Everything
we do has some cost, whether in time or resources.  Such is the way of the world, where nothing
comes easily.”  Thus, for me, effective
risk management should be a balance of knowledge, insurance, protection, and the
coping strategies that the stakeholders should always take into consideration.