1380439

Risk management was an obvious and important part of the
Risk Horizon game. The easiest and least costly form of protection was to keep
the Comet info screen open, as to increase the quantity of research. It was my
strategy to have, whenever the game required no action on my part, to have to
comet with the highest impact or highest probability open, as to increase my
protection if/when the comet would hit Alora. A second part of risk management
was protection, in the form of raising the island. Every level I tried to
increase the amount of protection by 1 or 2 bars, as indicated in the game. The
protection combined with the research had a significant effect on the risk
management of the island. My island was only hit by a few comets with minimal
damage. However, on the instances that a comet with high severity and high probability
of impact would appear, I would purchase insurance, mostly for 75% of the costs. I think that in the 6
levels, I only purchased insurance three times. The other levels I would have
sufficient protection to keep comets at bay. Furthermore, when these high severity and high probability comets would appear, I would stop investing in the island as to generate enough reserves to be able to quickly rebuild the island after the hit. If the comet did not create damage, then the money I had saved would be quickly invested in the island, sometimes upgrading as many as 4 buildings at the same time.

I played the game several times and I changed my strategy slightly
between the games. In the first few games I constantly bought insurance,
wasting both money and decreasing protection. After realizing my strategy was
not working, I switched to investing more in protection and only buying
insurance if the risks faced by Alora were very high. I also had the bad luck
of getting very severe impact comets in the last 10 seconds of the game, not
giving me enough time to rebuild the island, even with insurance. 

If I would recommend one change to the game, I would suggest
adding a third factor of protection. The research conducted in the current game
is only relevant for 1 comet. I would suggest giving the player the option to
invest money in a ‘research center,’ which would increase the speed of research
for all individual comets. The center could have 4 levels, of which level 1 and
3 would increase the speed of research, and level 2 and 4 would create an ‘early
warning system’ making the research into any comet start at 1 bar, rather than
0. The addition of this research center would be modest, but would make the
game a closer reflection of a real life situation.

