1406336

Risk
management plays a vital role in the game. 
It is an essential factor deciding whether I can go next round or game over. 

During
game playing, for the purpose of going next round, certain amount of time must
spend on research (acquiring knowledge) on the severity and chance of hit of coming
comets.  Then, based on the research
result, spend money and time to prepare protection and obtain suitable insurance before pods destruction. 
This strategy affects the progress of community development because a part of money have to leave and spend to acquire effective insurance
and protection for the case of an imminent comet with high
severity hit the community.  However, on
the other hand, failing in creating a  community soon (game over) if I only
focus on building pods by devoting money and time every moment for quickly complete pods
development, and in turn, quickly achieve community development.  

At the
first time I played the game, I bought the most expensive insurance and spent much
money on obtaining high protection at the beginning.  Then, I focused on pod building.  This approach made me game over soon at level
1.  I learned the lesson and played
differently in the next time.  I built pods
first and then bought insurance and protection when comets were coming, but I
still failed at level 1. 

After
played several times and learned lessons, I understood I should buy an effective
insurance with low cost, monitor coming comets, and if necessary, upgrade the
insurance if a comet with high severity and high chance of
hit. Furthermore, I should build the protection to a level in blue at the beginning because protection building requires a long period of time.  Again, when a comet with high severity was
coming, I must build the protection to the level as same as its severity as soon
as possible. If its hit of chance was high also, I should build the protection
to a level just higher than its severity. 
With this protection approach, I could mitigate the chance of pod
destruction so as to save time and money on pod recovery.  Hence, I always have to maintain a certain amount of
money just enough for buying effective insurance and building necessary protection.  Meanwhile, I spent the rest of money on
building and upgrade pods for the community development. 

Throughout
the game playing, I learned risk management plays a vital role on game winning
or losing.  Furthermore, I understood
risk management is as important as high productivity output (i.e., pod building). 

Lastly, I personally think the game is very meaningful and valuable. But it
simplifies the context of risk management.  In our real lives, other people,
societies and communities influence us a lot. I propose adding other communities around the player
community in the game.  A part of essential
knowledge in aspect of protection must be acquired only through those
communities.  Consequently, I (the
player) must consider resources allocation for keeping relationship with communities for knowledge exchange.