1407516

In the Risk Horizon game, we have to allocate resources (money and time) between development and risk preparation. If too much money is spent on risk preparation and not enough on development, we will not be able to hit the development milestones in time.  On the other hand, if we spent too much money on risk preparation such as insurance and protection, we do not have enough resources to develop and upgrade the pods.  A balance has to be found between development, research, protection and insurance at each level.  For the first 4 levels, I put more emphasis on development (building new pods) and raising the island to increase protection.  In terms of research, I would only spend time on research when the chance of comet hit is high and when severity exceed the level of protection of the island.  With the island raised high enough to protect itself from almost all comet hits, I did not spend any money on insurance as my focus was on long term development and protection.  Unfortunately, I could only reach level 4 but I can see insurance being more important in higher levels as number of falling comets increases.I played the game a handful of times.  My first attempt put too much focus on development and neglected risk management.  Each comet hit would set development back enough to lose the level.  In subsequent attempts, I allocated resources to protection (raising the island) and research to minimize chance and severity of damage.  Risk management can minimize damages and shorten development setbacks.  Long term development needs the support of risk management in order to be sustainable.  Natural disaster can wipe out development progress in blink of an eye, developing countries need to invest in risk management to ensure their long term growth.I live in the pacific coast of North America where a major (9+ scale) earthquake happening in the next few decades is a real possibility.  While development continues at a rapid pace in the city, enough protection and risk management has to be put in place to minimize casualties and damages in case of earthquake or tsunami.  If I am allowed to add one simple thing to the game, I will introduce the element of popular in to the game.  In the real world, there cannot be development without people.  Insurance can only replace the monetary loss and damages, not human lives.  Without protection and research, insurance alone is not sufficient in terms of risk management.  There is no point having all the money and resources without people.