1420352

The Risk Horizon game about risk management is a fun and
educational game.  The point of the game
is to reach developmental targets within a set time limit by building pods while
protecting the community from damages by comets. Using money to buy and upgrade
pods, buy insurance, or increase protection, there are trade-offs to be
made.  Tradeoffs include building
protection temporarily stopping my development meter from increasing,
researching the comet preventing me from building more protection, or building
more pods and upgrading them which increases the cost of insurance. Events occur
in real time so decisions need to be made quickly.  I learned during the tutorial that spending
money only on one aspect of the game, such as pods, will quickly lead to
failure without looking at the entire problem I am facing.

My strategy at the beginning of the game was to quickly buy
pods and some protection. While waiting for pods to build, I would research the
comets to ensure that my protection was good enough, and I would purchase more
pods to gather more income when I felt safe. 
I found that building a lot of pods and protection early made it easier
in later parts of the game to upgrade and take no damage when comets actually
hit.  Preparing early for risks negated
any damages I would have experienced and this allowed me to quickly reach
development goals in each level of the game.

If I were to play the game again, I probably would not
change my approach since I completed all of the levels. I didn’t find a need to
buy insurance if I kept my protection at maximum levels, and early upgrades for
pods meant that I had a very high income to further upgrade pods and recover my
protection when comets did hit.  However,
if the game continued on and higher severity comets began arriving at higher
frequencies, I would be more inclined to purchase insurance to compensate for
the lack of time I would have had to prepare my defences against the hits.

I learned that minimizing risk is extremely important, and
investing for risk today pays dividends in the future. I am sure that if I did
not properly balance out building up pods with protection, I would have run out
of money quickly and failed to reach my development goals.  Focusing only on one task while not looking
at all factors that would impact my work as a whole would likely lead to
disaster.

If I were tasked with developing a new version of the game, I
would add some more interactions that would force the purchase of
insurance.  For example, upgrading many
pods impacts the environment in such a way that all comet impacts hit with higher
severity, or high pod upgrades force the protection to be depleted faster. This
would demonstrate that our actions have consequences, and if we tamper with one
element too much it can impact other elements negatively.  Having some comets that we cannot protect
ourselves from would also force the purchase of insurance. We cannot protect
ourselves from everything in life, but we can mitigate the impacts of these
situations when they do occur.