1430538

The Risk Horizon game illustrated the importance of constantly keeping on top of risk management. With limited resources, trade-offs have to be made between continued development and upgrades, improving protection or buying insurance. Buying insurance or building defences has an initially negative impact on the rate of development, but over the longer term the protection against risks more than offsets the cost.Probably the least easily determined benefit was in researching risk (by selecting on the meteor/asteroid and allowing the research meter to climb), an initial assessment indicated the likelihood and severity, longer periods of research seldom seemed to make any substantial difference to these initial values.I played the game twice (one more than necessary, since I thought I'd "Lost" level 4 the first time and had to restart!). It has similarities to other real-time strategy games that I've played in that you need to learn the balance of behaviours that achieve the optimum outcome. Fortunately game playing scenarios allow us that luxury without loss of life or wealth. However they typically also encourage playing at a higher level of risk appetite than we would exhibit in real life. Multi-player games such as monopoly teach us that being a conservative player only guarantees a slow, but guaranteed, departure. Whereas higher levels of risk taking either lose quickly, or win. As the saying goes "fortune favours the brave".The game provided a good example of the need to balance risk taking and development with research, risk mitigation and protection.In terms of the changes I would make to the game: I would make the benefit of better research more transparent to the player either through game play logic, or through the mid-levels explanation.In terms of making the game work for the area that I live in (Australia), it would be good to make it relevant to the natural disasters we face here: forest fires, droughts and floods, instead of meteors and asteroids. We could for example make the risk and severity variables dependent on weather and forest conditions. Northerly winds (coming from the central desert), combined with dry forests and storms with lighting strikes make for very high risk conditions. Your choices could be to reduce the amount of fuel in the forest (back-burn), which will cost you time and money, evacuate during high-risk times and save your life (but possibly lose your property), invest in property protection (sprinklers, clearing gutters and removing nearby trees) and stay and try to protect your property (but maybe lose your property and your life). In terms of insurance, this is a live issue even in this developed and wealthy country. Many homes and in some instances whole town-ships were lost in the last great bush-fires in Victoria - many of the people affected had no insurance. This has led to an active debate on who should pay for the redevelopment and what personal responsibility for risk management is appropriate for the people who choose to live in high-risk areas.