1448016

1. The role for risk management was very vital in this game.
There were three things to consider:

Knowledge: This was acquired by researching the comets

Protection:  Should I
make the level of the ground higher or not?

Insurance: In case I am affected with disaster, should I
make an insurance which can help me by saving costs of rebuilding?

I made the choices of building the pods at first to increase
the level of my development bar. Then I tried to increase the ground level so
that the comets cannot affect much. 

I had to make a trade-off between insurance or protection-
which should be done at first? In first levels, I had chosen protection, then I
went for insurance.

Preparation for these risks gives the pods a better
protection and when they are not damaged, my development is ensured.

2. If I am given the chance to play it again after the first
time, I would definitely give more importance on protection at the first levels
than insurance because it is protection which rules out the use of insurance.

If I had played the game several times and had given a
chance again to play, I would not change the strategy because I believe that I
had figured it out after sometime I played!

I learnt many various things from the game. Some of these
are: 

a. To develop economically, you should have to be developed
in the cases of safety at first.

b. Researching and gathering knowledge about disasters help
you to fight against severities. 

c. For preventing yourself from higher amount of losses,
insurance plays a great role.

d. Networking and connecting within a community gives you
better chances to survive.

3. When any damage happens, a percentage of damage is shown
and all the pods are affected. I would change this thing a little bit. I would
include in the game a choice of selecting a proper location of constructing the
pods. The pods that are near the sea shore, will cost less. The pods that are
far from sea shore, will cost high. When damage occurs, it will be more severe
to the ones near the sea shore, but less severe for the remote ones.  