1449149

What
 was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance? Risk management is about taking responsibility of all the development work by understanding the threat, risk and how to co-relate and manage it with ongoing progress and development going on that planet. As a citizen, it requires us to move the scale of balance between progress and insurance. ( With more threats-comets, more research and during clam period more progress on pods)  The trad-off is there but protection and risk management has upper hand in this scenario.In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?We need to take smaller steps as they say that a journey of thousand miles begins with a single step. As the economy grows, the proportion of risk management must be increased accordingly. If
 you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I played it many times. What is learned is to understand the concept of 'balance' between progress and protection.The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?That one simple thing is "build walls around banks of the river'.There is possibility to 'increase the land mass which create more opportunities,higher rate of return during peace times and allow quick healing.But in the long run, I would like to move my people to another planet. That means protection and more Research. The place where I live is plagued with all sort of corruption specially intellectual corruption. I would propose 'mass communication' as a tool to raise and maintain the level of awareness so that people start demanding 'risk management' as part of main stream serious political , economic and social agenda.