1451850

I must confess that I didn't really understand what was happening in my attempts to play the Risk Horizon game.  However, I did learn pretty quickly that doing nothing got you nowhere.  (My first 'play' consisted of observation as I didn't know what 'the rules' were).    My subsequent attempts were played by engaging in constant activity - pressing as many buttons, sliders, comets as I could.   The tutorial did not offer much assistance in knowing how to play the game.  After a number of attempts, I achieved Level 2 but without insight to the overall dynamics.   I did not continue playing but note from comments in the forum that I was probably over-insuring.  It seems I had not mastered control in manipulating protection level either.Preparation plays a
fundamental role in the process of risk management.  It entails the gathering of information on
shocks happening in terms of their probability and the magnitude of associated
damage.    This knowledge enables the making
of decisions regarding adoption of the most effective coping mechanisms .  Cost analysis is a necessary part of the
process.   Investment in preventative measures can impact on the consequences of negative events by reducing the likelihood of such occurrence and minimizing damage.  Formal insurance
is appropriate where there is a probability of an event occurring that would cause
major damage.  For minor events of
infrequent occurrence, personal savings are usually adequate to compensate
loss.  Both of these
activities relate to the transferring of resources across people and/or over
time as situations shift from good to bad.If I were to make changes to the Risk Horizon game, it would be focused on clarity of instruction.  I am aware, however, that uncertainty is an element in the risks that populations face.    Perhaps discussion with other game players is a desired activity as in the real world of possible disasters, risk management skills are honed through the cumulative experiences of various others.   Also, joint action is part of the ability to cope afterwards and a sense of community contributes to that outcome.