1458405

The role of risk management in this game was evaluating and eventually choosing to which extent I should protect the recently created village against comets (natural disasters). The trade-offs I had to confront in terms of knowledge, protection and insurance were not easy choices. However, I never opted for an insurance which covered less than 50% of the village, neither fewer than two degrees of protection. Of course I had to spend much more money on insurance and protection, but in case the severity of the hit was considerable, I had to spend much less on recovery than otherwise.I have to admit that I did not quite get from the first time what was the purpose of the game, but after I won level 1 I understood what I was supposed to do. The game was not meant to just manage risks, but also show that it was possible to consider them as an opportunity for development and prosperity. That is why I tried to build more with the wealth I was acquiring because of a good evaluation of the risks. Eventually, I paid attention to how much I was spending on insurance and protection and I saw that it was possible to better cope with the costs and invest significant sums in upgrades and new buildings.If I had to develop a new version of the game, I would introduce a river because I do believe that water will be from now on the most valuable asset we must take care of. The current version relies on protecting the whole village and, most of all, the houses that compose it. If there were a vital element in the game such as the water I think it would become more challenging when having to make choices, no matter the extent of risk they would suppose, because they would be not easy to take. Where I live it is very difficult to make people understand they have to pay attention to the water consumption. They should protect themselves against drought and pollution risks, since water, despite being considered a renewable natural source, can reach an end and we all know that human life depends on it. We always blame the government when problems occur, but I think a cohese community is composed of each and every ordinary person and all of us should be aware that our individual choices affect the collective outcome. Coming back to the water issue, I suggest that, in order to stop wasting water, we installed some simple but efficent equipment that could monitor how much water is spent per month and, accordingly,  each household would be charged differently. It the water monitoring has already been put into practice in some countries, it hasn't been in others and maybe it's time to follow a useful recipe in managing resources and avoinding risks. Searching on the Internet, I have found a food-for-thought material that impressed me a lot and I would be more than glad to share with you all :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxfEVXNm_-4