1485227

1. The GAME forces you to think holistically, about all aspects that affect the pods (human development and safety). It is a continuous balancing activity of income to development of pods to buying the right amount of insurance and doing the appropriate amount of meteor research. This proves the point that the more knowledge and experience that we are armed with the better equipped we are to deal with unavoidable disasters, natural or otherwise. Doing the right level of research on each new meteor threat keeps the information bank current, We learn from the past encounters with the meteors, this helps us to plan physical development on a well thought out foundation. The budget was generally fixed at the start so I had to balance developing new pods with buying the right amount of insurance to mitigate the potential current risk of a meteor hit and the subsequent threat of tsunamis.Spending too quickly on pod development is good in that more pods results in more income and growth in the budget available for development. However, depleting the budget on pod development left me vulnerable to the risk of damage without insurance. Now that is a dangerous position to be in.I spent too much too quickly on development and did not leave enough for protection. This caused a lot of damage. 2. It took a few turns at the GAME to get a general good feel about the dynamics. At first I spent all the budget on pod development and was left watching the imminent meteor strike and feeling hopeless at not having the budget to do anything to minimize the potential risk associated with a meteor and potential tsunamis!For the second attempt, I was much more prepared  and I had certainly developed a clearer picture of what was the goal of the activity, which was to balance development and manage the cost of unavoidable risks.I had learnt a really difficult but important lesson. Don't be rash to rush development with the protection.Buying insurance to cover the pods were a big help in recovering after a meteor hit. The level of insurance coverage varied from thirty percent, to fifty percent, to seventy five percent.Each level determined the level of help after the disaster occurred. So thirty percent coverage meant thirty percent help. Repairs cost more the lower the coverage. Repairs cost less the higher the coverage.3. How can this activity be improved on?There should be more of a community feel and more community involvement before and after a disaster.To be more realistic there should be more natural disasters. For example, in my country the highest potential threat comes from drought in the dry season and flooding during the rainy season. We have had , in the past a cycle of boom and bust, based on the price of petroleum. How do we insure against that type of threat?