1497490

The game seemd to be simple - I have to build pods, that earn money for me. This money is needed to build new pods, develop the old ones and.. to secure them for dangerous cometes. After first attempt - it was not so easy anymore. I was developing my city and fighting the cometes but sometimes, I was not able to reach "the level". Risk management was very important here. I had to plan, how much money I can spend now - and how much money I have to prepare for the future. My approach was to prevent from damage to happen, rather than paying for the future damages. I played the game few times. Firstly, I took insurance at the beginning of every game - at least second level of insurance. It turned out, that insurance is important - but on higher levels of the game. Then, when your pods are damaged, you are experiencing bigger losses. I decided to insure myself from 3rd level - money was put into development in the lower levels. That happen to be a good decision, from the second level my "city" was earning enough money to have a stable growth, while I was able to prepare it for danger. It all work smoothly.I was putting big attention to the dangerous cometes. I was reasearching all of them, trying to achieve a proper level of knowlege before it hits. It worked really well, when there were only few cometes - it was more difficult when more cometes were coming, one after another. Than - I had to prioritize which one is the most dangerous and how much time I will need to make a connection between neighbours.Those contections turned out to be very important. If there was enough time - the damage was small, or there were no damage! With appropriate amount of time, neighbours are able to cope with the risk and damages together. When pods were on the "whole world" those connections seemd to be stronger and better working.Risk management was the only thing that could help the "city" grow. Without it, I would be forces to repair pods after each hit - not being sure if I will have enough money to repair it next time. Thanks to risk management, most of my city reached the highest level of development. I found a bug, while playing the game. When I was on the 6th level, one of my building was just ready to develop (the whole "circle" was done) at the same time, my time passed and the game was supposed to end. Those two thing together, blocked the game and in the up right corner red rectangle appeared with text: Fatal error : null. I am happy that I decided to note down my code, after 5th level.