1510680

Risk Management was an essential aspect of winning each level in this game, as the planet was constantly facing the risk of annihilation with comets. Raising the level of the planet, buying insurance to protect the revenue stream and doing research on the comets were all part of risk management. In terms of choices or trade-offs, I had to decide early in the game if I should spend the money on insurance or building more pods. Later it was a choice between raising the level of the planet at a growing cost versus upgrading the pods. I also had to trade off comet research with raising the level of the planet as both had a benefit in terms of protecting the planet from damage. Preparation for risk hampered development of pods, as while I was raising the level of the planet, further development used to stop, or while I was researching the comets, it was difficult to focus on upgrading the pods.As I played the game multiple times, I learned that there was a fine balance between meeting the revenue generation target to cross each level and having sufficient risk management in place to survive severe damage from comets which sometimes set me back by a lot. After the first time I tried to sequence my pod development, insurance purchase, raising the level of the planet and researching the comet such that I could do a little bit of everything in the limited amount of time which was made available for each level. The main thing I learned from the game was balancing risk management with revenue generation so that a catastrophic event would not cause irreparable damage to my prospects of success.One useful thing for a player would be to get a summary of how much does each pod and an upgraded pod help with revenue generation so an individual can optimize the amount of money to spend on that versus purchase of insurance or raising the level of the planet. Another feature could be to provide some statistics or commentary on what other people have struggled with so players can learn from each others mistakes. Also, the game should allow storing past scores as during my first round I reached level 5 without noting down the codes assuming that after I lose a level I will get the code for my last few levels which I have crossed. In the absence of that feature I had to play again all the way from the beginning which had limited benefit for me from a learning point of view.