1517028

1.I think the role of risk management in the game is balance , in this game we have to face the problem of effective utilization of resources, spend the limit resources to go as far as possible to resolve the any crisis.and at the same time measure and analysis the risk , find out what action should be made to reduce the risk effect but achieve the goal. it`s the process for managementFor the knowledge, protection and insurance , that all need to spend money to get those resources .but meanwhile you need to pay attention to balance all the action, which part is need to pay can make the better for the upgrading .Those preparation for risk affect development way is after some time , especially for insurance2.If I played the game only once , the differently is strategy , in the first time I will try to building all the pods in the level 1 , hoping all the pods can be building at soon as possible, which is totally wrong. that cause me don`t have enough money for the level 2, and besides , I can`t take care well all the pods in the same time,. For the development as long term , I should upgrading some pods first .then development other pods , it`s just like the climbing the stairs , if the stairs was`t wide enough to let all the people go upstairs, then the best way is let some people climb first then other just catch up .And other difference choice is I won`t spend the money to buy the insurance in the level 1, Ya , that`s no doubt that if have bought the insurance , the repair of the payment will be more less , but that`s back to the first one reason what I will do difference, don`t have enough money for the next level. finger out how to save more money to the next level is one of the key to win for the next level The third is I didn`t read the "how to play " carefully, it said "Our long term protection against the waves. Press and hold the slider, located on the bottom right of the screen, into the upright position to raise your island" but I almost didn`t used it until the I noticed that I can`t avoid the damage in the level 5, this action really help. The main things I learned form the game is;when you confront risk , what I need to  is balance how to reduce the risk of income and costs , decide the plan for reduce the cost income， never be rush to make the decision cause every small action will the overall situation be influenced by this factor . when really meet the horrible damage and don`t worry too much, disgust your strategy, find out the opportunity to win3.if allows me to change or add one simple thing , I will add the investment and allow people to submit his/her scheme, it will be allow trial one month just .to check if this scheme really can work out . If can , the investor can get .the benefit at the same time the problem have solved, it is win-win . This investment won`t be any limit , you can find more than one investment to invest or you can put project to competitive bidding , any one who interesting can be bid but the owner can set some rule , not just th e one who bid the highest price will win also who can get the best and useful advice ( which the owner think is the best）will win. well , that this game will change because it will need connect to the net and other people involved .