152004

While I was playing the game, I notices that if we research the asteroids long enough i.e. the research level reaches at least to the same level of the "chance of strike"/ probability it will hit the planet, this increases the changes it is a miss. In fact in most cases  it results into a miss. The other factor hat helped a lot was the community, if the level of the community is a high as the severity of the strike it results into no damage. I used those two factors most of the time to get either a miss or "no damages" in case of the strike. The risk in this case was the asteroids strikes and by doing research on the risk, we learned more about them and this decreases the uncertainty and increased the knowledge on the risk. Community support as also important, by using the knowledge on the asteroid strikes from the research done, I was able to keep the level high enough. It is only insurance which was one of the factors I used the least. Mostly I used insurance in the beginning when it was cheap but at a high level i.e. 75% and I decreased the insurance level as it became more and more expensive. The refurbishment and construction of new houses was also an important factor. When I was not doing research or increasing the community level, I spent most of my time upgrading the level of the houses and adding new ones. I adopted the strategy of upgrading the new houses first before the older ones so as to have an over all high protection level for the houses. But this also increased the amount of insurances I would have to pay. I was confident that by using research, community level and the strength of the houses/building I would need less and less of insurance. This might be one of the reasons why I failed a after level 3.The other this I found out was that risk management was an ongoing continuous process, the research never stops and a few time I had to stop research on one asteroid and concentrate on another one because it started moving faster. I had to constantly re-evaluate the asteroid to track. In a way I think this highlights the continuous nature of risk management. 