152244

1.      
The role of risk management was to allocate
resources (money) efficiently between the three  components risk management Knowledge: Done by researching about the comet.
This reduces the severity of the hit.Knowledge gathering is slow process and therefore it should be  started as
soon there is sensing of danger. Protection: Done by raising the land on which
the pods are located, so as not to be affected by the water damage.This is a long term  resource  investment and continuously takes up resource Insurance: Done by buying insurance against
damage. This helps in reducing the cost of damage repair and helps in quick
recovery. There are trade-offs to be made since the
resources are limited and we have to optimally allocate them so as to minimize
the impact and help in quick recovery so we can get back on our path towards prosperity.

 If the player was sufficiently prepared
(via knowledge, protection) for the risk, there was good possibility of
avoiding damage

Also being prepared (via Insurance) helped
to quickly recover from the damage

 

2.      
I played game more than once, I learned that it
is necessary to begin early and make as much pods as possible.

 Protection
and knowledge were more valuable in the risk management at early stages of development
since buying insurance was expensive.

Protection would also hinder development
and take toll on the resources.

Also I noticed that at higher stages the
rate of return on the pods was lower making it more of challenge to achieve the
next level under the give time limit.

 

I learned there are many obstacles to risk management,
primarily resources such as money and time.

There might be mitigation techniques which
act as long term protection, but are very expensive over time as they continuously
drain resources and slow down development.

Insurance requires big investment upfront
and it is not always easy to purchase it but it helps in quicker recovery and
getting back on track for development.

Researching about the risk is constrained
by time and it takes significant amount of time to completely understand the
nature and impact of the risk.

 

 

3.      
The improvement I would like to suggest is that
due to prevalent economic inequality in most of the countries. The game should
have two different types of pods.

The pods which are less vulnerable to
damage and the pods which are more vulnerable to damage. They can be given
different color and elevation to depict the same.

Also the insurance and protection cost
could me made different for the two types of pods.

 

 

 

 

 

 