1536343

 

The risk management is a process of confronting risks, preparation
for any risks, and how to manage such risks if eventually it occurs. The role
of risk manager does not restricted to the internal issue alone but to the
external situation that may have adverse impact on the work generally. The role
of risk manager as regards the game centered on these key subjects matters;

Readiness to confront situation that would
probably beyond ones’ control. In the game there are options that manger need
to put into consideration for him/her to prepare for such risk.Insuring the project by purchasing a quality
insurance that would cover the risk in case of any damages or destructions.
Such damages include the properties and the entire community. He makes sure
there is connection between all the resouces during the difficult time.Researching into the problems that may bring
damages in order to put a stop or reduce it drastically.Creating an atmosphere where by the protection
would be in place apart from insurance. These are the physical protection to
safe-guide the project from total destruction. And such depends on severity of
the unexpected disaster.





Apart from confronting and preventing the suspected
or unexpected disaster, the risk manager provides prevention, protection,
connection, and assurance to the community at large. By doing this, been secured
would be felt by the people in charge of the affairs. During the playing of the
game, as a risk manager, there is a multi-tasking where he plans ahead,
coordinates the structures, and try to protect and probably prevent damages.Playing the game for the second time and third after
the first trial made me to understood that, buying insurance is not a waste but
a form of protection in case of any lost. Furthermore, researching for why and
how to put a stop or reduce problems that were coming is necessary. All these I
did not considered initially. I think the game was perfectly designed, but in
my own opinion the issue of moving the properties or the community up above the
sea level would not represent every community. I would rather prefer the
platform to be plane and deal with it like that. In office environments, damage
may come in any form, from fire outrage, theft, burglary, and natural disaster
just to mention few. In such circumstances, risk manager would have planned
ahead and would not risk the lives of people when the difficulty is on ground.   





