1542928

For clarity of exposition and brevity, I address each prompt in its own subsection:1. In Risk Horizon you are tasked with developing a community by building and improving a village of "pods." The key challenge is how to manage the risk of comets while simultaneously allocating resources to building. In the absence of risk preparation, the comets will damage the pods and development will not reach the required level within the allotted time. However, you have several tools of risk management at your disposal, including increased "knowledge" via research, adding "protection" by raising the height of the pod-village, and purchasing insurance. The central trade-off in the game was how to balance the allocation of resources between development and risk management. Crucially, both financial resources and time resources were important. As an example, adding protection was relatively cheap but took time. This created a variety of trade-offs. Although adding protection could mitigate the risk of comets, this required a long term effort that came at the cost of speedier development or purchase of insurance. Protection was therefore a long-term risk management tool that only paid off over the long term. Initially, protection had to be combined with short-term risk management tools such as research and insurance. At the beginning of the game, research and insurance were more important while in the later stages of play protection became more important. Another important feature of the strategy was which comets to address with risk management tools. Since the comets varied in severity, it was not optimal to focus on each one. Comets with low severity and low likelihood of impact could be ignored, especially when using protection. However, for high severity comets it was important to use research to moderate their effects. In addition, since insurance could be purchased quickly, when fast-moving, high-severity comets approached, buying insurance was another strategy that helped prevent serious damages to the community. This last strategy, of buying insurance when needed also necessitated holding some financial resources in reserve. A "buffer" of financial resources was therefore another type of risk management resource. 2. I played the game twice. The first time, I made two errors. The first error was spending too little on building and upgrading pods. Although I mitigated all the comet impacts by getting insurance and adding protection, development was not fast enough. This demonstrated that development and risk management needed to be balanced. In my second attempt I increased my expenditure on building and upgrades and advanced to the fifth stage of the game. The second error I initially made was spending too much time researching each comet. This was time consuming and, in retrospect, I realized that it was not important to research the comets with low probability of impact. In my second attempt I ignored lower danger comets and instead spent more time adding protection. This demonstrated the importance of prioritizing risks and focusing on those that could cause the most damage. 3. The game was cute and I was impressed how effectively it was conceived. A simple variation of this game that could perhaps be interesting would be one in which there is, in addition to the comet, some other type of risk, such as disease. This other risk would have different risk properties and therefore requires a different risk management strategy. For instance, "research" could be more useful for addressing a disease risk and while adding "protection" might be less important. A risk strategy would therefore depend on the relative likelihoods of the two types of risks (likelihoods that could change over time). Thanks for reading!