1559601

1.    The implementation of sound risk
management had the most essential role in the game. Risk management gave the
opportunity to protect the community and to strengthen its capacities for the
future in order not to receive shocks, but, on the contrary, to build a safe environment
for its further future development. 

The
scope was to protect local communities in two levels. The first and practical
one, was to strengthen the capacity of their mechanisms and infrastructure to
defend from natural disasters, as sea flooding from the possible comet falling. In order to facilitate the above, we need to implement basic policies that focus on what is the most important and to make sure the policies are revised and regurarly to corrected, when more information is available. The second one, quite important for the continuation of local development, was
to prevent behavioural obstacles and to strengthen their confidence. When people feel insecure, they make less risky choices
which also means less opportunities to be developed.

2.    At the first time, I was more
focused on building and rebuilding the local undeveloped plots. In the first
game, I also tried twice to upgrade the security level. I immediately realized that
risk management without investing more on security was not an effective one. In
the second round I felt more anxious but in the same time curious about finding
new ways to protecting my community, investing more in security and start discovering how obtaining insurance could help. The third and last time of playing the
game, I did the right choices. I invested on building, in the same time
increasing the level of security; invested on insurance in accordance with the possibility
of falling comet to damage my community. I found that without comprehensive research,
risk management cannot give the 100% of its capacities.

3.    To maintain development, we need people
that take risks, but risks in an absolute safe environment and protection in
many levels in accordance with the needs. The game was quite simple and
efficient in addressing the need and importance of risk management. However,
the were no rounds (simple ones: round 1 and round 2) where we could divide the
really policies of creating a basic safetynet (as quality infrastructure) in the first one and
the advanced complex ways of increasing security and invest in insurance and
research, in the second one. Of course, the most innovative idea, either in life or
in the game, would be to have the ability to change the route of the comet. As
this is not always possible, at least, we do deserve the chance to ensure that
we do our best for less loses.