1581788

(1) In my opinion one of the main aims of the game is to get the players more knowledgeable and more strategic when it comes to risk management. When it comes to the development of the community (in the game) I believe that balancing the insurance, upgrades of buildings and protection is really important, because once you get out of hands and just started focusing for example on upgrading the buildings; you can risk money, time and the development process for when a meteor comes with a strong severity when it comes in contact with your community, you will lose. So it balancing is really important to risk management, I conclude.
(2) So basically what I learned from the game is that when it comes to community development in relation to risk management it is important that: a. I balance everything, b. Be more alert for unexpected and expected events that will come; c. Strategic planning is a must when it comes to risk management. I believe these three things that I have stated is vital in not only for the game but also for the real world when it comes to risk management. I also learned that when it comes to risk management sacrificing things is a must whether it's money, buildings etc. Sometimes sacrificing is a good thing for the development in the long run in the community. So when it comes to risk management, I believe you also have to be prepared to sacrifice things, but you should be careful and think critically on those things; will it benefit the community for the long run, or short run? or will it really benefit the community at all? 
(3) Probably if I had the opportunity to make a new version of the game that I played, I would add some agricultural businesses, health establishments and natural disaster events (floods, drought, earthquake and typhoons). I believe this new version of the game with the things I mentioned would probably be a more realistic version of our contemporary society, which can help us be more strategic and critical when it comes to risk management and developing the virtual community in the game; and the outcomes and strategies we can learn from the game, I believe, will also help us apply the things we learned in the real world.