1599300

What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development?

The first
decision was how to play, the strategy would be different between repeated
games and a one time game, if the goal is to reach as high as possible.
Repeated games allows you to take more risks early.

I decided
to view it as a “one shot” game as that would make the simulation more
realistic. This also would mean that I had limited experience of the variables
involved.

I started
out developing level two buildings on about half the area, then pumped up the
protection, probably higher then needed. So, I had a short term weakness for
impacts at the start of round one, then fairly high level of built in resilence
later on.

This more
or less allowed me to “check green status” on the left and build/protect
without any fails for a long time; balancing protection vs. growth. I
eventually lost at round 5; a 2 impact combo made me to slow to rebuild.

The choice
in the early rounds is mostly if you want to overdevelop or overprotect, and I
for the most part did the latter, that reduced the overall  optimal growth path a little, making later
rounds harder, but also increases the probability you actually make it to later
rounds.

                               

 

Changes
in gameplay in the future

The
research bit is ”free” in terms of money, as you actually have two recourses in
the game, money and time. On replay I would probably do more research on each
possible impact event generally, but focusing on high impact events. As I had to learn while
playing, I spent a lot of time on “nothing” as in using the interface for other
things.

I would
also try to observe more closely, the building to income connection, and how
protection is reduced by impacts. The latter is very important at high levels
of protection as it takes both money and time to gain that back. Those are the
frontiers that limit development, more or less. At higher levels of protection
and game levels (higher) insurance might be more optimal, in part.

I have a
background both in economics, risk management (financial), gaming and game
design, so I mostly viewed this as very meta, as in what are they trying to achieve.
 It would be very hard for me to view
this game with fresh eyes.

 



Changes
in game mechanics

You can
make the economy slightly more complicated, instead of one input
(buildings/machines) you could ad population (I would make it a “roof” for
production that grows over time but is also affected by impacts).

Also, while
it might be advantageous to have lower protection then max, and boost insurance
higher up, adding a “popular opinion” measurement that drops on damages and that
kick you out would also mean more realism. There is a general trend towards not
accepting risks in more developed societies (regardless of costs involved).