1617852

Risk
Horizon is a game based majorly on the concept of risk management. The game in “real-time”,
made you take fast decisions in a horizon of time that will affect the
development of the community and the way they face the imminent risk of a Comet.
The trade-off of investigating the comet, that will generate a systemic shock, or
investing in the development of Alora was the main theme and the key decision.
Investing in research helps prevent further losses and take insurance, each one
cost an amount of money, so that with each one of the comet impacts, the
community could coup with each one of the risk and expand even more. But as you
invest in counter measures, you have also to take into account that you need to
develop the community.  The game made me
confront the trade-off affecting the way I took decisions constantly, in the
way that you have to stop investing in development of the community to make
preparations, taking insurance and research the comet so the impact doesn’t
take too much of the development I have to the moment. The game summaries and
explains the way that preparation affect both, immediately and in the future,
the development of the community. As you are more prepared, the events became “less”
tragic and the development more steady. 

The first
time I played, I focus more in developing the community than facing the risk of
the comet as the probability seems lower. The lack of research made me took for
granted the event of a comet impact, and didn’t take into account that extreme
events (with low probability) may occur and didn’t pass from the third level.
The second time, I took as one of the basic decisions, to buy insurance as it
became more important to advance in the game, a good balance between investing
in research and protection (including insurance) and investing in devolvement is
the key for getting further in the game and reaching the last levels (I reach the
fifth). Managing the income gets, naturally, harder as you go forth so the decisions
have to be coherent from the beginning of the game so you don’t have it
difficult to develop the community in the highest levels.

To better
represent the risk faced by the community, I would add an Idiosyncratic effect,
so the impact doesn’t affect all equally but some more heavily than others.
This matter brings more realism to the game as each part of the community don’t
face the same risk equally, and the cost furthermore be equivalent to the
impact. And as the community develops more, facing another risk not only comets
but other types of risk like population over growth and in a systemic way,
floods or frosts that destoy also the food. Facing other types of risk (more probable) will make the participants
to face situations more common in the everyday life, like manage insurance in case of floods (Future contracts) that are the most common risk in tropical countries.