1618576

What was the role of risk management in the game? The role was to analyse the risks, know them and then prepare appropriately for coping with them. Somehow it is a simplified model on how to build a sustainable and resilient community, and all factors are important, the level of protection and insurance has to be proportional to the level of danger that those risks represent, so to understand and research those risks becomes the priority. What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? All are important, knowledge to understand the magnitude of the risk, protection to spend in proportion with the risk, and insurance when protection is inadequate In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)? At both time frames, some actions work immediately if the risk is imminent and others can prevent future damage (like overall level of protection of the development, which can be useful for later levels as well).If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? I played it more than once. Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? I prepared better for the risks and undertook more research to match the expenditure with the level of risk. Generally, the better I understood the game and the risks the better I could protect against them and develop the community further. What were the  main things you learned from the game? The better you understand the risks the better you can prepare against them, risk prevention is crucial to build a resilient community development. One of the key things I learnt is that everything adds and to have a global view over the risks is important. A resilient community needs to have a high level of protection, insurance can not cover all the risks; and depending the type of risk a level/type of insurance may be the most appropriate. Also, research becomes crucial as allow the defender to tailor both insurance and protection to the particular risk affecting the community.The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live? Get a better understanding about the risks, more level of detail to be able to prepare better against the risks. I will add a forecast and a scale to put a value figure to the potential loss (this should be dynamic, and should adjust with the level of protection, the level of insurance and the type of comet), to understand better the potential danger of the risk, so the player could get a better understanding of the potential impact of the different risks. Also, I will developed a measure scale regarding communication in the community, as it is difficult to value its effectiveness.