1629203

I have enjoyed playing the game so much. it was really fun and helped me understand the position and vision of the leaders who are entitled of taking decision regarding how to deploy risk management and  to what extend should they commit to it.With no protection and no clear knowledge of the type of the asteroids in terms of severity and a possibility of a hit, someone can not even hope to make it pass level One. just like in real live, although the preparation for a threat or a shock that might never come seems a waste of good money and time at the first place, it plays the major divider between wining and losing.Too much risk management is not the way you can do it either, If you geared all your resources toward that goal you will absolutely lose the development race also. so you basically need to find the magical balance that allow you to develop while securing your self against shocks.in the first time I forgot about insurance thinking i can totally relay on protection a thing proved me wrong with one quick moving high severity asteroid. thus in the following turns I have made more commitment to  the insurance. one other thing I was doing too much risk management while completely forget about development. So in the following turns I have payed a little more Concentration to the development part of the game  I didn't like the fact that the development bar just lag whenever you hit  the protection button, I would rather make it cost more money and make the money harder to obtain to make it more related to the real life. In my country risk management is costly and a lot of people feel an urgent need for other things to be done instead with the money. A concept that has been brilliantly inherited in the game to represent this very real life fact. however I would have pushed it a little more by making the insurance a little more expensive to obtain making it more challenging to get a good insurance plan that save you for another day when a shock take place. In a planet with only one type of shock to be feared of, it was relevantly simple to develop and implement risk management, however in real life it more challenging to see the size of the risk especially in developing countries.finally,  As English is not my first language please accept my deepest apologies for the grammar mistakes.  