1641077

The role of risk management in the game is to save life. build a city strong enough to resist to a natural disaster, comets.Firstly, my strategy was to prioritize most of my resources to build enough household (3-4) and start investing in the protection.Then, household produced enough resources to let me invest in insurance and knowledge. keep building more households and invest more in protection and knowledge.Because of the preparation for the risk, the development of the city has been slowed down.With this strategy my city grown up slowly but without fear. i get quickly enough resources to reinforce the facilities of the households and keep a strong protection. Protection that i was able to complete with the knowledge of the disaster and the time obtain to build more connectionif i were play the game again, i would invest more in insurance at the beginning. Less protection but a good coverage would help more to develop quickly the city, thus gain more resources. I noticed it was more useful and efficient  at mid-term. to get a good insurance coverage compare to build a strong protection immediately, The main things learned from this game are to prioritize the tasks in order to insure the well developing of the city. Oriented my strategy on a long term development. Better to go slowly for developing facilities but be sure everything is safe. If i were tasked with developing a new version of the game, i would have added the psychological dimension of the population. In other words, the behaviour approach of the human being. For example, more you invest your time to educate the population about the risk of disaster and their consequences, less the cost to protect the city will be expensive or faster you could build your protection. That can be a good to understand the importance of the public actors as government to make their population aware about the risk.The change i would propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place i am living would be to develop more regulation about the protection of food resources, particularly about the access to the clean water. Also develop the protection against the rising of the sea. I am living at the  border of the sea, lot of building and infrastructure has been build on the 70's without any consideration about this kind of risk.