1645800

The game shows some aspects of risk management such
as the interlinked components of risk management and key obstacles.

Interlinked components:

In order to achieve a good result in the game, it
was necessary to make choices in terms of knowledge, protection and insurance. 

To obtain knowledge, I applied the option
“research” in every meteor. Meteors with low severity and probability of
hitting I could use less the option "research" than meteors with high
severity/probability of hitting the buildings. Also, in the end of each level,
some information about each kind of meteor and tips about what it was good to
observe, appeared. They were very important to improve the knowledge basis and
to be prepared to the next level.

To obtain protection, a protection option was
available and it could be used to avoid damages. Even that money was lost with
this option, the value spent was less than a high damage in the buildings.

To obtain insurance, the game presents levels to
protect everything that you have built when a meteor hits it. According the
level of insurance the value to be spending in it varies. I always spent the
highest value in insurance, which made me to spend a high value but in the
other hand, when meteors hit in the buildings, I was able to rebuild and
improve everything that I was made faster.

Ac According my choice to manage insurance, protection
and knowledge, I had different results. Then, I had to deal and obtain some
experience, which appoints for the last interlinked component: coping.

Key obstacles:

An interesting point that the game showed me was
the obstacles to make an effective risks management; lack of resources and
behaviors were the main. I needed to manage the value and choose how much to
invest in protection, insurance and in the buildings. Besides, many times I did
not have the enough money that it was necessary. Also, I could observe a
standard in my planning and actions, and realize that it is not easy to change
behaviors; I was always following the same line of thought in the game.

As I played the game more than one time, I changed
some strategies, although following the same thinking that I had in the
beginning of the game. I did more researches, I waited to build new stuffs when
the probability of hitting and severity were both high and I used the
protection option in every levels of severity/probability of hitting it. Actually,
I can say that I observed and learned in the first time, which options I chose
that the game returned me with more resources, which options I had less damages
and which options I should to continue using or avoid.

The main message passed to me was that knowledge
and protection has a great value to avoid risks. Every time that I used
research and protection in high levels, the damage was low and in many times it
did not exist.