164790

The role of risk management was very important, in order to gain the
goal of building and developing the community. First of all was to get
information of how long it would take to have enough money to buy the plots and
insurance. In my game was always important to have insurance and then obtain
information of the comets to make efficient decisions related with giving more
protection for the village or invest in better plots. When I past the level 4 I
realized that insurance and giving more protection, gave me the opportunity to
invest faster than other level in better plots and houses, and also I chose a
less expensive insurance. For me investing in protection was more effective for
taking care of lives of the community, so then we can grow in an organized way,
and also do not have a bigger damage after a comet hit the community.I
think is important to get information of the village, the time and money you
need to get protection, the proper way to grow and with all this research make
the best decisions that benefits all the community. The priority was to develop a mitigation plan and
use in a wise way wealth and resources I have for the community. I could
realized that maybe do not focusing only in improve the shelters was the
priority, and instead it was to invest in a better insurance or protection, and
then buy more plots. In my case, I prefer to buy fewer plots and increase the
investment on them, and in the next level complete the plots and making them
grow. With this decision, I can have strongest plots and when disaster appears,
the plots can communicate better and damage is not that bigger.

About the game, I think it was a good way to introduce ourselves to make
decisions and realized what trade-offs we are able to do in order to manage
better a risk. It is not easy for policy makers to prepare a plan prioritizing
not only between one or two risk, they are more and the idea is to invest in
the best way our wealth to save more lives. For that, stronger protection is
needed and it is important that community stay connected and organized. Also,
that government always use information and invest in technologies and
insurance, because with it the can save more lives and spend less amount of
money in it.  