16760

                                                                Game Reflection The role of risk management in the game is to diminish the possibilities
of loss in Alora as well as to pursuit the opportunity to develop the city and
improve the living standards of the community. The idea of the game is to implement tactically the given resources and create a strategy to prepare and reduce
the impact of possible damaging effects. Therefore, it’s important to balance
the decisions regarding taking risks, preparing for the risks or acting after
the shocks have occurred. 

In the game context, the main challenge is to develop a community in an
area prone to comets strikes.  While the
possibility of purchasing insurance exists, risk cannot be eliminated
altogether. 

During the game our decisions are affected by a trade-off between risk
and return, for example, when acquiring a very expensive insurance and
protection for the first levels, the resources to develop the community might
not be sufficient. In this case risk management requires a combination of
knowledge acquisition (comets possible impacts and severity), obtaining
insurance, and protection (through community connections). 

Once our knowledge about the comets has been increased, we would be more
prepared for the coming events and risks that we might face, which in turn will
facilitate the decision of increasing or not protection and insurance. As soon
as the community starts developing it’s important to acquire a better
insurance, which will reduce the costs of possible damages. 

 An ex-ante risk management helps
to create connections within the community and translates in a reduction of
risks, and more resources for continuing the development of the community.  When several disasters are predicted to
happened within a short period of time it’s important to focus more on those
who have higher probabilities of occurring and whose damages might be more harmful
for the community.

I
consider necessary to play the game several times since it allow the player to understand
the importance and the interaction of different elements of risk
management.  Building a community without
protection, not spending enough time in research and not acquiring an adequate
insurance are causes of failure. 

If
I had the opportunity to add some elements to the game, once higher levels are
reached and deeper information has been acquired, I would add the possibility
of classifying the areas in low, medium and high risk, and therefore the chance
of focusing on those pods which have higher possibilities of being damaged. Usually those areas who are are highly exposed to natural disasters should be provided with more preparation. 