1690361

            The game
really showed the impacts of knowing how to balance protection and growth when
one is handling risk management for a settlement such as the simulation within
the game. Without a good balance and knowing how much of each one needs to
focus and not tipping the scales, the city would not grow or get completely
destroyed before the city can truly reach its growth potential. There were
several things I learned in the game about risk and development but the biggest
one was that one needs to know that growth sometimes needs to be put on a
standstill when the risk is too high for safety. Knowing that a comet was about
to hit the city and create major collateral damage or when there is no
insurance at the moment creates a point of fear in myself and probably the
people of the settlement. Insurance in particular always took priority in the
beginning of every level as well as protection so one would know that the city
is protected to a point where, if a comet were to hit the settlement, the city
would not be destroyed to a point where the funds will not come in time to fix
all the damages. 

            The first
time around I did not realize how big of a deal research was in making sure the
city was safe. Research was more than just seeing when the comet was coming. It
would say what is a good level to have in terms of protection as well as
creates research levels to get outside help. Knowing when to get this research
is a big deal also. I would not do it if I needed to build stuff or increase
protection but if I was waiting for more revenue to come in I would wait for
more research particularly with a comet I knew was going to be severe since
when it did hit the settlement I had tons of help to increase the protection
and keep the settlement safe. It really showed what a big deal international
aid does when preparing for a disaster. 

            Protection
also seemed to not be as big of a deal after a certain tipping point. Once at a
certain level, using the money for protection is more of a waste and can be
used to grow the city. However, insurance was always a huge deal. Basically
whenever I did not do insurance at the very beginning and even waiting for
enough money to come in to buy the insurance before growing the city, the city
would be destroyed to a point of no return. It really shows the power of having
a good insurance plan for cities and for life in general. 

            If I were
to change the game, I would probably add permanent protection in the game such
as walls that one would built rather than raising the land. The walls could be
damaged and protection seemed kind of a nuisance in the game rather than in
reality where they would be built from the ground up such as in New Orleans and
would be built higher and higher as the water was more likely to hit. 

