1701938

1Risk management was the key to successful community development. Through resources distribution, it enhanced resilience to comet hits and mitigated damages after the shocks. As a result, it ensured that the progress was not destroyed by unexpected events. 
The trade-offs among the three components of risk preparation, i.e. knowledge, protection, and insurance, was that they all required limited resources and therefore could not be all carried out perfectly. As a decision maker, I needed to decide what kind of combination could minimise risks while saving enough money for building pods and improving them. My strategy was to focus primary on protection, research the upcoming comets as much as I could and skip insurance for most of the times.
Preparation for risk had multiple impacts on development. By acquiring knowledge of potential risks, the society gained more time to alleviate shocks and the community bonds grew tighter. Meanwhile, boosting the protection level to match up the severity of the comet hits prevented construction damage. With the help of insurance, the community was able to recover at a much lower cost after the shocks. The majority of risk management reaped its benefits after some time.2I played the game twice. The first time I tried to invest in all three preparation methods, which exhausted resources and I did not pass level 4 of the game. At my second play I made to level 5 and almost to level 6. I realised that I had to focus on one option ( I called it “the core strength of Aloja” ), develop another option to a reasonable degree and minimise spending on the third one. I chose to concentrate on protection, to a level that was higher than the severity of almost all shocks. As a result, no damage was done when comets struck. Then I decided to research the risks as much as time allowed and leave out insurance, as research cost no money and insurance was rarely needed once I built up my protection. I do have to admit that this approach may not be desirable in real life, since we usually lack the ability to assess the severity of risks and our endurance as precisely as in the game.









I learned from the game that while risk management prevented development from destruction, it also cost money and time, which in turn could be dedicated to better development. Trying to achieve everything leads to a seemingly complete but essentially flawed system. The decision maker should always keep the trade-offs in mind and create strategies that address these difficulties. 3In my country, China, the awareness of risk management is limited, it would be productive to inform the public of some basics of risk management and disaster relief. So I suggest that some quizzes be added and once they are correctly answered, the efficiency of research and protection is increased.