1707011

1Risk management in the game allowed to distribute resources in a more balanced way minimizing the damage caused by comets.  It was built with the resources at the beginning of Given the game and will repair Gradually Whenever comet Impacts Causing damage. Were distributed Resources According To the existence of them to pay for repairs and insurance. I had to avoid expend more money than I had. Insurance was bought Depending on the severity of comets and Their risk of impact. If its severity was little insurance was not bought, its severity was means if I bought a more expensive insurance and if the risk of impact severity was higher and it was bought a more expensive insurance That was more protective. Regarding protection it When the comet was Increased severity was high and it was Decreased Depending on Whether the severity was little. Preparation for risk improved the results of the game slowly Because severity of damage Decreased Dramatically With the management of the risk, it was learned how to manage insurance and safe and Protecting infrastructure was improved. I learned too That we need to be prepared if we want to successfully confront the dangers are presented cyclically That 2 I played more thanonce and what I did different was to apply the knowledge acquired in each run to Improve results. I learned many things about the game: 1. Balancing resource use 2. Protection According To higher or lower risk 3. Using insurance to reduce repair costs 4. Manage risk as an active and vigilant process. 5. Risk management means better results at the end. 6. Risk management is a multifactorial process That depends on decisions to be made ​​very Quickly and require prior preparation. 3 I live in Venezuela, where one of the major Natural Risks in terms of disasters are floods and landslides. For that reason I would  change by torrential rains comets and its parameters would be: amount, intensity and duration (each would score 1 to 3) and severity would be highest if  score was higher. I will maintain elements of protection and insurance and would be required knowledge regarding greater rainfall since the severity of the same course that would have worse outcomes. Also would Incorporate protective measures to prevent and Improve protection flooding as rivers and canals maintaining clean to prevent overflow, construction only in safe areas, safe shelters for victims.Finally when I was playind this game  arrived to my mind some words repetitively and I want to share them. The game tought me that there are in risk management   several important words like BALANCE in the use of resources, with intelligent resource management we can do much more than we do when the resources are used inconsciously . Another important word PREVENTION  to prevent the least amount of damage but even when we are dealing with phenomena that are repeated again and again. KNOWLEDGE is another important word to consider and information and knowledge   must be transmitted to potential affected because it can help them to accommodate behaviorallyand protect themselves when the phenomenon occurs.