171137

Risk Horizon game has been a learning experience in terms of
the management of multiple resources to develop a community, meeting milestones
on the way by managing shocks, to the best of the ability of the ‘Luminator’. The
game involved risk management lessons as there was a need to build capacity to prepare
for the impending shocks so that they can be tackled in an efficient
manner.  The various interlinked factors
of risk management were effectively represented in the game, which gave a real
life experience. I confronted trade-offs to development, as represented by development
bar, in the form of resources- both time and money, which had to be spent on
research, protection and insurance instead developing new pods or upgrading old
ones. Constrained by both time and money, the rate of development of pods was
slowed due to diversification of these resources to prepare for shocks. The benefits
of being well prepared did exceed costs though, the right amount of research,
insurance and protection- all helped in coping with shocks in a very efficient
manner. 

Frankly, it took me a couple of attempts to understand the
game and to design a strategy involving decisions on the major trade-offs I
faced. The risk management lessons and examples I learnt from the video
lectures came to use as I identified various provisions in the game to factors
like knowledge, protection and insurance. My behaviour towards these provisions
also changed, as I understood their role in developing the community by
managing imminent shocks. I was able to manage all the different provisions in
a smarter manner, which helped me reach the development milestones within the
time which was provided. Like any role playing game, Risk Horizon also involved
managing multiple features, with each action having consequences and no provision
of going back. A couple of times I even paused the game to decide my next step
by looking at the level of severity and probability of a comet attack. 

The game has been successful in capturing various aspects of
risk management. Simplifying the game meant giving up a little on how realistic
it is. Being from a rural background of a developing nation, with a fair
understanding of economics and finance, I would try to add features
representing risk and factors required to mitigate it in a village setting, for
a group of farmers. This would involve access to land, labour, credit and
insurance markets-the risk and returns from each of these factors. In the
present game, the returns from a protective measure in not visible with a
quantifiable variable being absent. I would like to incorporate such variables
to understand returns with respect to the risk involved in making a choice.