1723619

The risk management played a crucial role in the game by helping one 
take adequate step towards protecting the pods from falling comets. It 
provided information which enabled game players take adequate measures 
where necessary. Information such as severity, chances of impact were 
very important in taking a decision whether to purchase insurance or 
raise the platform by clicking the button on the bottom left side of the
 game window. During the game two things played important role in my
 choice of protection and insurance, they are information gotten from 
knowledge about comets in terms severity, chances of impact and 
knowledge. Protection of my pods was of topmost priority. At every 
chance, I was always seeking to elevate my platform so that impact from 
the comets will be minimized on the pods. As I did this, I noticed I had
 a greater chance of surviving and succeeding to the next level of the 
game.Preparing for risk took some time to pay off. As the moment the
 game begins I started preparing against  possible risk posed by falling
 comets. This was helpful in keeping my pod alive later during the game.Ans to Question 2I
 played the game more than ones. At first, I was just interested in 
buying new pod and getting as many as I can buy, sometimes obtaining up 
to four before loosing the game. But in subsequent plays I stopped 
buying more pod and restricted myself to protecting the one, two or 
three I already have. This helped me stay alive in the course of the 
game. A take home lesson from the game is "to be successful one most
 take risk knowledgeably and also take measures in protecting self 
against future risks". Ans to Question 3 I will reduce the 
numbers of time a pod need to be shielded from the impact of the comet 
from 10 to 4 or from 5 to 2. Ones I have assurance that my pod is 
completely shielded from impacting comet I will take more steps 
towards buying more. I will also make it faster to lift the platform in 
order to reduce impact from comet. I notice that the existing game takes some reasonable amount of time to be able to raise the earth platform.Finally I would include a faster option for shielding pod even if it is at a higher cost. This will be of tremendous help.