1764210

Risk management involves assessing and evaluating financial risks together with the identifying ways to avoid or minimize their impact. In the game, risk management helped lessen the cost and time to rebuild the community and helped prevent too many losses. Increasing protection and gaining research (knowledge) to assess the risks were priority actions I took to mitigate the possible damages/risks. Insurance was one of the main resources I used that helped lessen the cost in repairing damage, despite the cost it would take in slowing development and protection. Knowledge of the comet's severity helped assess what level of protection was needed or make preparations to cushion the estimated damage it would make. Preparation for risk, however, slowed down development as it took time to prepare the measures needed to protect the development. However, the trade off is that these preparations reduced the cost that would have further been problematic for development had they not been taken.I played the game several times. It's difficult to say what I did differently, as it was difficult to assess which areas needed the most attention for the development to progress appropriately. I tried to implement a strategy to account for all areas. However, it was difficult to direct my attention to all things equally, as everything seemed to have equal importance. Sometimes, even if you account for all the risks and have made the necessary preparations, you can still be uncertain of the outcome. Even with research, there is no saying how big an impact a risk is going to make as it is just an estimate (ex. some comets seeming to have smaller/bigger severity than they actually do or miss the planet completely). Also, time is also against you, because development progresses slowly and sometimes you don't reach your goals in time. However, making the preparations still helps in mitigating the damage and eases the cost it would take to rebuild the community.If I were tasked with adding one thing to a new version of the game, I would maybe add a feature related to the public decision makers/community leaders or the behavior of the people. A feature can be added to make this game more interactive, where other gamers (who can represent public decision makers or people in the local/international community) can make decisions in your community and their decisions can impact your development (ex. as owners of a comet destroyer to help the community; as owners of a private research company that choose to keep information about certain comets to themselves unless you pay them; as members of the community who opt to go or not to go to a shelter when a comet hits the planet). They can either hinder or help your development, which is very representative of some of the obstacles to development.