1777293

The Risk Horizon game aims at showing the benefits of several measures for Risk Management.  It basically covers three major ways of coping with risk: insurance, protection and knowledge(research).  This game allows risk management beginners learn about the effects of actions taken to prepare for emergency situations.  Although a very simple game, it demonstrates the short-term and long-term benefits and downsides of risk management strategies.  Some actions are relevant on the short term, others are relevant in the long run.I have played the game several times, trying different strategies.  Although on the first two levels, the best results were achieved by buying insurance, on the long term (levels 4-6) this proved to be a bad decision.  Buying protection was difficult at first, but on the long term got me better results.  A great run  was when I mixed the two options.  The first levels are quite easy to pass, buying cheap insurance and being able to repair damages.  After developing the pods (after level 4), insurance became just too expensive to afford.  The game revealed the fact that the investment in insurance, although appeared as the right choice at first, has proven to be a waste of money (the insurance bought on level 1 was lost on level 2) - just money spent.  However, the money spent on protection helped throughout the levels - like an investment.  Research helped create bonds within communities and reduce the damage.  A mixture between a maximum of research and a good level of protection got the job done.Conclusion learning after playing the game? Get insurance at first, where the costs are low and worth it.  Afterwards, just prepare and mitigate risks.  Learn, study, prepare.There is an old saying: hope for the best but prepare for the worst.  It perfectly applies in Risk Management.As for developing the game, one thing I would change is the insurance system: older clients (those who had purchased insurance in level 1) should benefit from discounts in the next level, compared to those that did not.The second version of this game should also include several types of disasters, with different chances of occurrence and different strategies of coping with (e.g. fires - affecting one pod only and earthquakes affecting only pods under (or over) a certain level of development).  This would teach about ways of dealing with general risks compared to personal risks.  Sometimes risks occur without notice (like the fast comets) and give you no time to prepare.  Other times, they can be researched and preventive measures can be taken.  Insurance is always a good thing to have, but sometimes it becomes too expensive to afford.  Prevention is a good action.  Risk managers need to take into account the best ways to distribute costs among prevention and development.  Spending too much on prevention can reduce the development speed.   Developing too fast without protection mechanisms can prove hurtful (especially if the comet strikes 5 seconds before the deadline disabling the chances of repairs in time to win the game).An excellent learning resource, the Risk Horizon game can be used for both young risk managers, children and educational purposes as-well. The ”simple” choice between insurance, research, protection and development has proven to be not that simple after all.   It took several tries in order to win the game.  My best strategy was: develop as fast as you can, buy as much protection as possible with the remaining money and research the dangerous comets (with high chance of hitting and causing severe damage) in order to ensure collaborative protection from my pods' inhabitants.