1802138

The role of the risk management in the game is to prepare and properly equip an individual, family or a community in unforeseen disasters that may arrive. It helps the user to approach a more strategic way to overcome challenges and develop itself further whether its for business or personal gain. I played the game several times in attempt to at least reach level 4. Unfortunately, I don't have the time to really sit and play the game further. In those several attempts however, I learned a lot.At first, I tried to put as many pods since the goal is to reach a certain level. I lost because I invested the money on construction without buying any insurance and not researching the comet. It was costly to fix the pods without any some sort of buffer given by the insurance and you are literally blind from the magnitude of the destruction caused by the comet. Next time, I tried to research every comet and made sure I bought insurance first. I lost again because I did not construct enough pods to reach the goal. So too much research and insurance will not get me anywhere either. You may think you are prepared for the disaster but in hindsight, it is still not enough.  The only time I was able to move pass level 1 was when I balanced the production/construction of the pods and research of the comets. Every time I start the level, I made sure I have insurance first. I checked the comets severity and chances of landing then I prioritized what to research. It still takes time for it cannot be done in one click of a mouse. What I learned though, is that when you do your research properly (meaning completing the research bars) , it lessens either  the impact of the severity of the comet or the chance of hitting your pods. When you have your insurance it lessens the cost of your expenses. However, at this point it also slows you down in developing the pods or completing the construction.But this is what the game is really about, to help you manage time, effort and money. I think though that it took awhile to learn these mistakes. For me it was trial and error. It is hard at the beginning. I think I still need to learn a lot in managing risks and how it can go hand in hand in developing ones self. I prefer showing the game in an agricultural way. For example, instead of pods, we used farms or crops being planted, instead of comets, they will be typhoon or drought and the goal would be money earned from selling the crops. It looks more realistic that way and seemed to be more in tuned with economics and stuff. Maybe if shown that way it can show how borrowing from a bank can help or something to that effect. Like after a calamity, how can we show that borrowing from banks is okay, or to improve the crops how can fertilizer help or improved irrigation systems. To me it will not look like just playing the game. It would be more of a simulation of some sort.  