1803082

Risk
management skills were key to succeed in this game. Both the game’s name and
features were explicit indicators of that specificity. Concretely, you had to
prevent as well cope with the consequences of a natural disaster, namely the
crashing of meteorites, while building and developing a sustainable community.
For that purpose, you had to compose with protection, effective building,
different insurance bundles, and research.

I had to
confront constant trade-offs between all those components as privileging only
one of them, whichever it was, led to a deadend. After some time, preparation
for risk induced less damage from meteorite crashings and more rapid additional
overall preparation degree.

I played
the game many times. I especially learnt how to adapt the research level for each
meteorite in regard to its potential impact, and to focus good enough on
community development as an asset in itself. I also learnt that the maximal
degree of insurance taken from the beginning was not a valid option as it cost
money that was essential to a sufficient level of community building at the start in order to pass the levels.


What I
especially learnt: how to adapt systematic research to coming potential
disasters and adapt it both to its potential level of impact and its actual
chance of occurring, without neglecting that research can take time that is
hard to evaluate, and that it protects most of the time, yet not every time. I
had to remember how important community building AND community development are
key. I also had to consider this last double aspect as a partial efficient substitute
for individual insurance. Last, I had to consider how lessons from the past are
essential yet do not immunize against new coming disasters by themselves, as
additional research and circumstantial adaptation are necessary as well and all need time, energy, and a lot of attention. I first disliked then liked the game.

I live in
France. I think a positive improvement of the game could lie in a more detailed
emphasis on the necessity of building communities, as we are a society
individualized to a high degree in my country. For example, in the case of job unemployment, which
stays among causes of disaster exposed in the course, the loneliness of the
jobless is impacting very dramatically their health, their perspectives of
getting a job again, and their economic and family situation. Thus, there could
be two components instead of only one to represent community building in the
game, the additional element being explicitly linked to human interconnections
and interactions, through daily communication, learning, freely each-other-assisting.