181509

I found Risk Horizon an interesting illustration of some basic risk management and avoidance tactics.  While I was able to complete the levels without too much concern, I was also unsure of what events necessarily improved or reduced my ability to fill the green bar by the time the clock expired.  My strategy was mainly to build up my city as quickly as possible, maximizing my stream of income, and consistently holding my ‘protection bar’ above the damage level from the average comet.  For more dangerous comets, I attempted to maximize the time available to send communication through my city.  Even for comets with little risk, I researched two to three bars to minimize the risk as much as possible.  As I was never presented with greater than three comets at a time, it was advantageous to select either the quickest moving, or most dangerous comet for initial research.  There was always sufficient time to gain knowledge, and my protection was sufficient to avoid damage.

If I were to play the game again (which likely occur after this paper is submitted), I want to test if having a smaller, more advanced city proves superior to a city which contains the maximum number of buildings, but few of which are fully upgraded.  I assume this limits the ‘communication’ aspect, making it easier to improve my ‘protection’ statistic.  Less buildings should mean quicker communication, and also less financial burden if a comet were to damage my city.  I found it interesting that I never needed to purchase insurance through the five levels I played (I received a ‘Fatal error: null’ message upon completing level 5, which froze the game for no apparent reason.)  My protection levels were sufficiently high so that by the time I had to communicate comet hits, I successfully avoided damage from each.

The change I propose, which may not be so simple, would be to add a behavioral challenge to each level.  In reality, it is a requirement for most leaders to please the people they govern.  It would be interesting to have a rating scale in which your actions affect the city’s opinion of your leadership.  If this number is sufficiently high, no issues arise.  However, if this rating scale drops below a certain point, the people could begin to reject your choices and you would fail.  Understanding that knowledge of a risk is not sufficient enough to drive a population to take measures to avoid that risk makes this behavioral challenge interesting in my mind.