1820619

Risk Horizon CfbQ8TJ

 

The simulation does give the sense of unpredictable urgency and intense
resource management. There were times when no matter the preparation, I was
often decimated by severe impacts. It has taught me an important lesson beyond
prepare for the worst and hope for the best. I has taught me to anticipate
potential disasters and to prioritize projects. 

 

When I began my colony in Risk Management, I built three pods immediately
and purchased Tier 1 insurance in case of damages. I continued expanding until
I colonized all of the available land. 

 

I continued upgrading my structures one at a time. I was half way through
the upgrade of my third tower when a meteor struck damaging most of my
structures. The insurance helped reduce the time and cost of repairs. 

 

I raised the elevation two bars. This did cause a delay in my progress. I
issued repairs and upgrades. A medium severity meteor crashed, causing
fifty-percent damage to colony. This was a devastating blow as I raced against
the clock. I issued more repairs and watched yet another medium severity meteor
strike. I went from nearly reaching my goal to falling to half way. Fearing for
the loss of my colony, I chose not to elevate the plateau to avoid delaying the
reconstruction efforts. I managed to upgrade all of my structures to tier four
and purchased additional insurance to help protect my investments. 

 

Only a third of my pods had fully recovered from the last wave. As the
clocked ticked closer and closer to the end of the round, I saw that my chances
of survival were slimming. Much to my dismay, I saw three meteors in the sky. I
clicked on them for research. Every single one had an eighty percent chance to
hit with approximately a ninety-five percent severity. I knew right then and
there I would not make it. Ultimately, my colony was lost.

 

I was frustrated; I felt that I was dealt a very bad hand. In that moment,
however, I realized that this was what happened in the real world. All too
frequently, natural disasters all too frequently have little early warning. Preparation,
insurance, elevation, all of it can easily be washed away by a series of
unfortunate turn of events. 

 

I tried again. My second attempt, I first began by raising the elevation by
four bars. I felt this to be the safest way to begin as I was far above the sea
level. My expectation was that this would reduce the overall potential damage
should a meteor strike. Immediately afterward, I set out constructing more pods.
I upgraded pods as quickly as funds became available. After each pod upgraded, I
continued elevating the plateau higher. I finished constructing all of my pods
and fully half of them were tier two.  I
did not purchase insurance beyond Tier 1 as many meteors missed my colony
because I felt my colony was sufficiently high above the water level.

 

I was constantly checking the status of meteors. I would only raise the
elevation for impacts with a high chance to hit. I managed to survive the first
through rounds without trouble. Naturally, as I progressed, more and more
meteors continued to assault my colony. The first impact affected approximately
ten percent of my structures. I was able to recover from that.

 

A very severe
asteroid struck that demolished my colony with close to seventy percent damage.
Once again, I knew I was out of the match. I saw my progress bar plunge to the
bottom and waited for the time to run out. 

