1824006

The game was very interesting and I learn several important things. What is the role of risk management in this game?Risk management combines ability to prepare in advance as well as cope in advance.The role of Risk Management in this game is that it allows for the following 2 outcomes:1) Reducing the impact of risk by taking early and sufficient protection beforehand2) Enable faster recovery by ensuring that damages from the risk event (comets crashing into the sea) is reduced as much as possible so that the amount of resources and capital spent on recovery (building more and more advanced pods) is reduced to the minimal level possibleWhat choices did I make?I made the choice to continuously expand all my resources in building up pods (i.e. infrastructure). My logic at that time was that the faster the development was, the better it is.The trade-offs:The trade-offs I made was that some components were affected, such as the time taken to get back on development when I expand all my resources to  buy "insurance", thus reducing my ability to sustain construction or to build my "pods".Lessons learnt:a) Knowledge:If you are aware that there is a risk "event" approaching, you have to expand resources to mitigate the event.b) ProtectionWhat measures are in place to ensure that we can cope with damage done to the pods? However. the options taken should be realistic, possible and feasible, especially when you are in the early stages of development. As such, you only have limited resources to spend on insurance and the key is knowing exactly when is the right time to spend on insurance.c) Insurance However, while preparation for risk does affect development, I have found that being protected from damage has allowed development to proceed more faster when the chances of risk occurring is lower.What would I do differently if I am to play the game again?A few basic principles are to be observed:1) During period of peace and calm, you should try to engage in as much as development as much as possible, in all areas and in the shortest possible time; thus, when disasters struck, you are able to conserve your resources to engage in protection and purchase insurance.2) Paying and expanding my resources to prepare for risk beforehand is cheaper than paying for damages afterwards. This remain true even though the cost of preparing for damages are extremely visible and immediate.What changes to the game would I recommend?I would recommend that an additional element of "time" should be added to the game. The game should reflect a time range of how long would constructing or upgrading a pod would take and the time range should be adjusted consistently as and when resources and capital are scarce, or when there is damage sustained from tidal waves resulting from the comets crashing into the seas. This allows for game players to estimate how much of their resources should they expand at different time intervals.