1844033

I played the game many times not making
it pass level 3. I tried many different strategies from
building all pods in level 1 to having minimum pods with high
upgrades in level 1 (fancy structures and trees). Knowledge added
more wealth than protection. Insurance was necessary; I did not make
it pass a level without insurance. I always purchased the highest
insurance plan. I quickly noticed there was a balance between adding
upgrades and increasing protection. It was pointless to have high
protection without upgrades or visa versa. Upgrades were costly to
repair, sometimes my wealth was insufficient to cover the repair
cost. So, I had to increase my wealth through knowledge before the
next comet collision.  Rebuilding required time. I had to constantly check my wealth making sure I can maintain the existing pods (with upgrades) before I could build new pods.  Knowledge was
correlated to the time you had to develop the community connection (the flashing lights).
The community connection patterns I did not understand; I assume it
was random. At the end, it determine the severity of the impact. The
severity effected the development meter. How quickly it turned from
green to red!!! Do have have sufficient wealth to cover the all the repairs at once or do have to repair over time.  


The take home message: A balance exist
between knowledge, insurance and protection. At the beginning it is
difficult to establish the balance. In the beginning you may have
more access to knowledge than protection. Knowledge tells you what
type of protection your need. Eventually, there will be a need for
insurance.  In reality, there is no set order in what comes first
knowledge, insurance or protection; all are required. In some ways
knowledge, protection and insurance are depended on each other,
without one they other two are useless. Over time, balance will be
achieved between the three. When knowledge is increased, protection
and insurace most increase also, but not at the same rate. It is
interested how wealth plays into the risk management equation. In the
game knowledge and protection added wealth to community, but reality
knowledge (acquiring/research) and protection (providing) can reduce
a community wealth.  Only in the longterm does protection and
knowledge become cost effective. Community wealth is difficult to
manage and balance, always having sufficient funds to cover daily
cost (without risk), yet have surplus money to cover the repairs from
a natural disaster, disease or food/water shortage.  Community wealth
is key piece in risk management. Communities having financial
investors and/or access to markets, will help people survive all
types of events from covering basic daily cost to severities cause by
natural disasters. Wealth also helps coping with a disaster and preparing for future shocks.

New game version: Buildings located
farther from the cliff (shore edge) should have different pricing for
repairs and cost for building. Geographical location influences building and repair prices for protection and insurance. Add more ways to increase wealth for example access to an investor or a market,besides knowledge or protection, to have more
money for repairs and building. It is difficult repair or build without wealth. 

