1858462

Risk
management is a discipline where several actors play crucial roles
with a lot of interdependencies. The game proposed in Week 2 is a
pedagogical tool to understand all this actors in a fun environment.
Humanity progress has been defined by growth of populations and their
conditions: in the game symbolized by the number of pods and level of
complexity. However, success in development requires not only focus
resources in the progress of communities but also a proper risk
management of different types of shocks which naturally occur: in the
game symbolized by meteors with different level of intensity and
probability to impact in the community.

In order to
manage threads, risk management provide some tools like knowledge,
represented by research in meteors flight, protection against floods
in the game by rising land, insurance of damages in case they
happened and coping with reconstruction when needed. 


The trade offs
between all the alternatives in which the player (decision maker) may act
are interesting: When to decide to invest in community growing? Why
to research in meteors and not protect the land? Once the shock
happens, is it worthwhile to rebuilt directly every pod or is it
better to connect communities? ...My personal strategy has been always
spend the resources in growth while the level of thread was low;
simultaneously invest in insurances step by step. Once meteors appear
in the sky I reduced the internal investment and I research in meteors
with high intensity while increase the level of protection rising
the ground. Risk preparation has some delay always respect to
necessity, and this fact was damped with progressing
insurance policy established in the long term.

The game
need to by played several times, at least in my personal case. My
understanding of this fact, apart of my personal ability with video
games, is that in risk policy, experience is important, but also
intelligent feedback from the past: communities and politicians with
capacity of learning from the past will be much more effective in
risk management. Another important issue that I learned from
the game is the need of considering all factors at the same time.
The optimum result of the game requires from integrated strategies in
every relevant aspect: Without investment in development it is
difficult to collect benefits to prepare the population to risks. Research is crucial to gain knowledge of the risk you may need to
manage.Insurances is a good way to delay spending of money
between prosperity to crises. A strategy conducted only in one
direction is very likely to fail. Only common strategies developed with long term policies and fast application will succeded.

I live in a
prosper country of the OCDE where risk management has improved
significantly during last decades regarding natural shocks like
floods or earthquakes. However, threads due to human action like
ecological disasters of financial crises are not so properly managed.
My proposal for the game will be to include somehow the effects of
crises emerging directly from community actions. In particular,
financial oscillations in markets may affect the level of development
significantly and I am sure decision – makers need to establish
tools to minimize these effects on people: how ? This is still an
open question that many people wonders right now, but for sure with
the use of knowledge, protection, insurances and coping with
consequences.  


