1877356

First of all, english is not my first language, sorry about any mistakes you may find.

1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

This game, as well as risk management, is all about decision making. You should evaluate what are the best decisions you could take to get to the wealth level each time. I found risk management and the economic concept of “opportunity cost” very seemed. The opportunity cost is what you are willing to lose when taking a decision. For example, if a very strong meteor is coming and it’s very likely that it will hit my pods, I would prefer purchasing insurance or protecting my pods by raising them than upgrading them or creating new ones, because what I could lose is much bigger than what I could gain upgrading or creating some pods. So, using the knowledge (information) you have and the resources you can afford, you can evaluate what will be the best decision, and I think that’s what risk management is about. I faced many situations in the game where I had to protect or purchase insurance when a very strong meteor was just about to hit my planet, but it was worth it because what I would have lost if I didn’t do that would have been much bigger than what I would gain if I would’ve upgraded my pods. I used to get a lot of protection even if there were no meteors because it was very likely and almost inevitable that at any moment a destructive meteor could hit my planet, so, that affected development after some time, but when I upgraded or created new pods I noticed that my wealth increased a lot faster, so that would affect development immediately.

2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?

I played it twice. The first time I created and upgraded a lot of pods and didn't care too much about protection or insurance because I underestimated the risk. Obviously that wasn't a good decision. So the second time I though better what I was doing and why I was doing that, so I could evaluate a lot better how to invest my resources and that granted me a better performance. The main thing I learned from the game is that when using the information in an efficient way, you can evaluate too much clearer what is the best decision you can take by using the resources you got to get to a situation of gain.

3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

I would add the possibility of selling a pod in the case you would need that resource to buy insurance or protection if needed at that moment, so you would get less income, but you would be building resilience, preparing for a very risky situation.