1878445

In the game risk management was mostly about making few decisions- to buy insurance (and which level), to give extra security (by changing level of the platform that pods are on) or to observe comets. Sometimes I needed to observe comets for longer time, which means for me less time to develop pods. Although, after some time, I discover that I can "start" few pods at the same time and then observe comets. But while observing comets, I was not able to change level of the platform. I think this was the biggest risk management decision- in case of the comets with low possibility if the hit, I could change level, but when probability of hit was high, I decide to observe comets.I played game few times, but never reached level higher than 4. When focusing on the observation of comets, I had lots of founds, but I've been developing pods rather slowly. On the other hand- when focusing on developing pods, my resources were limited, so I had to wait for more money. I have been trying few different ways to have better results, but always finished on maximum 4th level. But I think that next time I should try to focus on 2 areas- observing comets and developing pods, but not on rising the level of the platform.Main findings from the game are decisions and taking the risk. Game is showing that you need to think about the best solutions, but there is always some risk, because you are not able to do few things at the same time. What should be done? Evaluation of the possible decisions and if risk is high, you should prepare for it and make steps needed to minimize the outcomes in case this risk will happens. It is very hard for me to show one thing that could be changed. I think that to make game harder, possibility of changing platform level could be erased. In this case damages could be bigger, so game would be rather harder, with potential bigger expenses on repairing pods. This will change level of the game and might have surprising outcomes. In my case- maybe I would not focus on this activity, but on other and maybe reach higher level.I think that game is showing decisions that we are taking in daily life- we need some resources (money) to grow, but we should treat it as an investment, because in later stage it will somehow benefit. But we must take into accounts risk, prepare for it, but never try to avoid it, because it might be trigger that will help us to grow. 