1880884

First of all, this game is really great to know how research, preparation and insurance are important.　Thanks for giving this opportunity.Related to 1. -This game requires the development of our community in Alora land. But some comets attack the land and destroy our facilities so that we have to prevent from those disasters. There is cost constrain between the development and the preparation. We have to consider the balance how to spend our money to develop our community with lowest damage from comets. -I confronted which I should spend first. e.g. If I develop our community first, I could not buy a good insurance due to lack of money. If I spend a lot of money for preparation, the speed of development will be slow. Timing was also very important.-At first, I tried to buy good insurance before start developing our community as I know comets attack several times with high possibility. Next, I researched to analyze how dangerous the comets coming to the land.When comets came close to the land, I tried to raise the height of the land.I could not avoid any damage completely but my insurance covered the recovery cost minimum.      Related to 2.-If I try once, I will be more cautious to avoid any damage but if I could try several times, I will repeat trial and error to look for the best scenario to achieve building ideal community. This is the game to learn risk so that I thought prevention was important but I have learned that too much preparation would not be best way. The balance of developing and cost is important. At the same time, the timing of preparation is also important.Related to 3.-If I am tasked with developing new version, I will make several kinds of risk from small fires to big earthquakes with possibilities. Depends on the risks and possibilities, our way of preparation will change. - I live in Japan. In March 11th, 2011, we had an experience of big earthquake and big tsunami. Japan has been experiencing big earth quakes several times so that the damage from the earthquake was very limited despite of huge magnitude. But many people died due to big tsunami and Fukushima daiichi nuclear plants were destroyed. Big tsunami was not unprecedented event. There were several big tsunami attacked those regions every 60 to 70 years. You can find some makers warned about big tsunami attacked there made by those people who had experienced long time ago. The scale of risk and the possibility of risk are two main factors to evaluate how to deal with. How to prepare from the rare events would occur every 60 to 70 years but the scale of damage is huge if once occur should be kept thinking.  　     