1884246

1. The role of risk management in Risk Horizon was to protect the development of homes or pods in this case. The risks of getting our pods damaged by falling comets which hits, can be avoided via researching comets and making more community connections, and spending money to raise the platform housing our pods. However in the event that damage was done, the risk of damage can be mitigated by buying partial insurance of varying degrees, to lower our repair costs.In Risk Horizon, the resources available are time and in-game money/cash to keep building up our pods and protecting them. During my first sequence of plays where I managed to play till level 4, I bought 50% insurance usually and kept raising the platform and research to mitigate and protect against the risk of damage from falling comets. At this stage, I did not realise that pods could be upgraded yet.Thereafter, during the second sequence of plays, I adopted the above strategy while upgrading pods, and only managed to play till level 3, where I could not get the development bar to turn green by the time limit.During the third and last sequence of plays, I played till level 6. Looking at how I ran out of resources during sequence 2, I focused on building my pods one by one, then upgrade them one by one whenever there is enough cash. I also decreased my reliance on risk mitigation by buying 50% insurance to 33% insurance, and instead focused more on risk avoidance, by researching "high probability" falling comets as well as raising the platform as and when appropriate.Looking at my last sequence of plays, I traded off some insurance for more protection in order to free up more resources for upgrading my pods and avoiding comets. This is because continuous repairing will suck money out of you. Instead since a good amount of avoidable risk can indeed be avoided in order to use less resources overall, I focused on more protection, while still having to always keep upgrading pods as my primary objective.In the short term, preparation for risk will definitely consume resources/cash from you. There is less cash available for development which is the ultimate goal to complete the missions. However, development can be thwarted if comets keep crashing and you are unable to avoid damage to your pods. Thus over the long term, risk preparation is beneficial and when looking at a period of time, you do actually get more resources when you manage risk as compared to when risk is not managed.2. Please look at Question 1, paragraphs 2 to 5 on the changes in my gameplay strategy, followed by paragraph 6 on what I have learnt from Risk Horizon.3. I will change comets to the "haze" and "torrential rains". As my country experiences haze and torrential rains at times throughout the year, I feel it would be more representative of my area.