1893039

GAME
REFLECTION

Nikolay
Ivanov Iliev

Republic of
Bulgaria

 

The role of
risk management in the game was of significant meaning for the development of
the community. Because of proper risk management the community had the
opportunity of growth and get wealthy. Although this was only one game many of
its features were very similar to real life problems. In the first level of the
game I decided to start by building few pods and after assessment of the comet
hits possibilities I have chosen the highest level of insurance because it
guarantees that in case of a hit the pods I built prior that moment will not be
severely damaged and further reconstruction will be cheaper. Here I decided not
to be hurry with the community’s development but rather maintain a balance between
development and risk management. I had enough money in level 1 to built 2/3 of
the community but I used the community’s wealth carefully in order to achieve
sustainable growth and development. In most of the cases my preparation for the
risk affected the community’s development after some time. 

If I have a
second chance to play the game I would try to achieve the best ratio between
insurance-wealth management-development in order to minimize future risks and
achieve sustainable growth of the community. If I play the game for the second
time I’ll definitely not be hurry to develop the community by upgrading the
pods at any cost because the upgraded pods in case of a comet hit they are
expensive to repair in comparison to the lower versions of the pods. The main
things I learned by playing the game are: 1. Knowledge about the risk and its
features (e.g. level of possibility of a comet hit) is significant with respect
to prevention; 2. Insurance is absolutely necessary in order to minimize the
damages; 3. You can’t always tell if something is certain or not (e.g. comet
hit possibility). Sometimes the status quo could be changed by a force majeure
(e.g. weather forecast can be changed suddenly); 4. That’s why you have to be
prepared and you have to take the precautions before the disaster occurs. 

I would
change the development scale movement. When the player tries to build many pods
at the same time the development scale will get slower. The development should be sustainable and not to be an idee fixe. In Bulgaria people should learn not to do
many things at a time but make a plan and follow it. Because risk management is all about planning and executing that plan.

