1895163

I really did enjoy playing Risk Horizon game. It illustrates what risk management is: confrontation of risks, preparation for them and coping with their effects. There were comets which came with different frequency, which had different probability of reaching your planet and different consequences of them falling. You had three main components of risk management:- knowledge (research) which helped you to cope with the consequences of a fallen comet- protection which helped you to reduce the probability of losses- insurance which let you reduce losses in case they appear.All these sources were available. But you did not always have enough time or money to use all of them. And frankly I would not use all of them at a time. On the first two levels the comets were not so scary. Researching them and protecting from them (on a pretty low level) was enough. It was not very expensive so you could build houses and develop them. This let you earn more. But starting from the third level those comets were becoming scarier and it was difficult sometimes to get the right protection in the right time. So I started purchasing insurance because I realized that I would be better prepared for the possible losses this way. And it really helped. I could cope with the comets and still develop my city in case of a fallen comet. The bigger and more developed my city became the more expensive it was to protect it from the damage. So I had to make a choice: develop it and not really protect or protect it but not really develop? Insurance helped to make this choice. I chose to develop the city, buy a 50% coverage insurance and protect my city on a medium level. I reached the sixth level and I lost by a couple of seconds.I learned from this game (as long as from real life) that you cannot have everything. Our resources are limited and we always have to make a choice. We need be ready for the possible risks and be prepared for them. This helps us to be strong and more confident about our future. And when the bad day comes we will be ready for it. If I were asked to develop or change this game I would probably add some other danger. Not just comets. Because in real life there are so many risks we need to be prepared for that having just one risk (comets) does not really make us make a choice. If for example we had earthquakes or aliens or something else we would have make a real choice. We would have to think what is scarier and worse for our planet. But as this game is just an example to illustrate how risk management works I think it is not totally necessary. I really enjoyed playing this game and learned how these theory works in practice.Thank you!