1899841

Part 1 - The Nuances of Risk ManagementIn "Risk Horizon" proper risk management was essential in achieving objectives and hence progressing to the next higher level. As in real life, I would argue, it was imperative to find a balanced strategy mix including each means available. Preparing for the risk (risk being likelihood multiplied by conseqeunces) of a meteorite impact cost resources that were not available for developing the community so that it could progress to the next level. Yet, with the high likelihood of an impact with high consequences, you had to prepare in order to mitigate the resulting damages.Part 2 - (Re-) Playability and Making ChoicesI played the game "Risk Horizon" several times, probably playing it for hours. I was trying out different strategies and combinations in order to grasp how changes affect the outcome.In one instance, I tested what would happen if I just spend all resources in developing my community under the pretext that the community needs to flourish for reaching the next level. So I was entirely pursuing a risk acceptance strategy. The risk was there and I knew about, but I was simply hoping for having lots of luck. That the risk of a meteorite impact would either not materialize or that the community was able to cope with any damages in the case of an impact. That was indeed unsuccessful. The community was of course ill-prepared for any major impact of a meteorite and not able to recover in time.In another attempt, I tried to transfer the risk of being hit by meteorites by getting high insurance coverage (risk transfer), while at the same time spending all other resources on the development of the community. Again, this strategy was unsuccessful in ensuring my community to reach the next level. Though the costs for repairing damages were dramatically lower than without insurance coverage, the community was not able to reach development goals within the time granted.Then, in a third attempt, I spend a lot of resources on protection measures. That is on rising the ground level in order to protect my community from dramatic flood waves. Though the community was safe from almost all meteorite impacts and the resulting flood waves, it was once again not possible to accomplish the development goals in time. Getting the highest protection measures in place just devoured too many resources, leading to a lack in the community's development. Though I was finally coerced to combine all available measures to succeed in reaching my personal goal: Reaching level 4, at least.In my following attempts, I focused again on developing my little community while at the same time also getting proper insurance (mid to high-level), depending on resources available and what information the observatory was giving in respect to incoming meteorites, the likelihood and severity of an impact. In terms of mitigation, I also made use of rising the ground level for protection. Most successful was a sound and balanced strategy mix.Part 3 - Anything Missing Here?The game "Risk Horizon" provides the opportunity to apply three of four major risk management strategies: (1) risk acceptance, (2) mitigation, and (3) transfer. Though there is the 'knowledge' feature build into the game that allows you to evaluate the likelihood and severity of a meteorite impact, you do not have any tool at hands to eliminate the threat altogether. Maybe it's worth thinking about adding such a feature for very high costs, of course. The community could gain the ability to destroy a meteorite once in a while by spending resources on counter-measure research or the like.