1902163

The game, Risk Horizon, was a useful tool in teaching the broader concepts of risk management. While there is a clear disadvantage to to employing no risk management strategy in the game, there is also a disadvantage to over-preparing for unlikely risks.In the game there are two ways to advance in development: Building new pods, or upgrading existing ones. There are several ways in which to mitigate risk:1) Build up fortifications to match the severity of likely risks, protecting from severe damage.2) Conduct research and use community ties to mitigate damage.3) Take on insurance to mitigate losses.There is some interplay between these three strategies. Because damage interrupts development in the game, it is advisable to protect against likely impact by building up fortifications so that development can occur un-interrupted when these likely blows strike. Also because of this damage-based interruption of development, it is advisable not to schedule large scale development when there is a high likelihood of damage interrupting said development, and instead invest in insurance, fortification and research at these times, or in quicker, short term developments.Over-reliance on small development investments early on may impede progress later on, when no short-term gains can be made in between meteor strikes. Therefore, it seems advisable to try a blend of development strategies in addition to blended mitigation approaches. When finds run low, investment in research and community ties can allow for more unimpeded progress without significant investment.In this way the game illustrates not only risk management strategies, but also the tradeoffs of opportunity cost in economic development.While playing the game, these potential strategies were not always clear, and only during reflection did greater understanding begin to ferment, and repeat plays would likely have improved outcomes.If I were to change one thing about the game, it would be to provide a more comprehensive tutorial that might outline some key strategies and the interplay between different risk management and development tactics. While it is a useful exercise to come to these realizations for oneself, I do not believe realization would be hampered in any significant way by the addition of strategy suggestions and recommendations. If anything, I think this might improve the quality of learning outcomes for many participants. With that said, the forums could prove to be a useful strategy guide, with many students working through these issues together at the same time.