1905717

Risk management
is the term applied to a logical and systematic method of establishing the
context, identifying, analyzing, evaluating, treating, monitoring and
communicating risks associated with any activity, function or process in a way
that will enable organizations to minimize losses and maximize opportunities. Risk
Management is also described as 'all the things you need to do to make the
future sufficiently certain'.

In context of the
game,game shows the point by point relation between various institutions  in reference to a disaster of falling comets
from sky of varying hitting probability and severity  . 

The role of risk
management in the game was to successfully balance the four main key elements
namely Protection,insurance,research and the most important one development
 growth which included setting up of pods(like industsries of a country)
and upgrading them from time to time. 
Protection level indicators included how high our island was from the
ground and the number of luminated blocks of in the meter. Research methods was
by hovering the pointer over the falling comets and gaining knowledge about
them whereas research which was the most effective tool in risk management
helped counter the losses in the game,and alongwith reaching to the critical
level of required development in the given timeframe.

Choices and
trad-offs included taking risk after getting insured. In the whole game ,the
income or the cash in hand is the most affective factor towards  decision of choosing in between 4 elements of
risk management i.e. which one to empowered the most. The most effective method
found was to get insured and get going with the process of development with
balanced investment on research and protection. I found the insurance and  development the most effective then
protection and then research.Although giving less attention on protection and research
is not a good idea but at the same time winning the game was the ultimate goal
so we have to make tough choices.

 

Preparation for
risk affects development in ways that it helps the community to resist the
shocks well,and if at all any losses are caused coping them at minimum cost(via
insurance) and the given timeframe so as to bring back the pods in there
original condition. In the initial
phase investing more on one pod rather than setting up new pods was a  mistake that needs to be corrected while playing
the game again since it takes more time and cash to upgrade the system rather
then setting up new systems and getting started to generate revenues from
investment. And the  most important
correction is to take insurance plan as soon as possible, because once hit by a
severe comet it becomes almost impossible to do a come back in game if you don’t
have insurance.   If there arises a
need to create a new version of the game :the most annoying  thing i found upgrading research ,why there is
a need to stop ourselves while doing research upgradation.In the new version i
would be introducing a cash flow button for research i.e. when to allow cash
flow  in research and when not to.  