1911028

About the GameThe role of risk management in the game is to confront us to opportunity choice, considering the fact we must balance all the factors that are needed to go to the next level on the time limit provided. These factors involve to build the pods and invest on them, at the same time trying to keep resources to provide insurance and improvements to be safe from threats. One specific and interesting fact was that at level tree i could manage all the threats, but the improvements on the pods were not enough to keep the requirements to the next level. 
What should i have done, if the possibility of risk was considered relating to the available resources? I should have invested on time to search more about the threats, and form this information i could relate my actions, considering the amount of investment on the pods i needed to go to the next level. Is it difficult to consider the information about the threats, and to relate more investment when there are meteors coming? Yes, certainly, but it appears the only way to go forward in the game. From this fact, we also have to realize that information about the threats are crucial, but also a lot of free thinking to invest. 
Other aspect of the game is the preparation for risk. I have to say in my game i took this too serious and allocated too much resources, considering the threats real impact. This is something that appears at first look. But what to do? The pods were ok at the level i was and some catastrophe could be worst than have the pods grow some higher levels of building. I could grow some pods to the higher level that i was, making a strong nucleus of development, but maybe i missed to upgrade the others, fearing the meteors. 
If i had the opportunity to change some things on the game, certainly it was to develop more information about the threats. It was about to be the first thing. Some new tools to measure risk, considering the threats, so i would have more control of resources. The other thing of the game i would change could be the availability of resources for all. Maybe the two things i said are done this way for motive of development in time, but certainly more information would save resources, and resolving this trait of the game, more resources i could invest on the development of the pods.

____________________