1912064

What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

The
role of risk management seemed to be applying a trade-off of knowledge,
protection and insurance. The relationship between the three was ambiguous.
Insurance was the easiest tool to apply and seemed to be worth hit given the
frequency of comets and the damage they caused. The fact that insurance lapsed
automatically when the level changed was a problem and had to be found out by trial
and error. It was also a problem that I could not upgrade my insurance during a
level once I had more funds.

To
gain knowledge I tried to build large numbers of level one pods but only got to
level 2. Then I tried building a few pods and put them up to higher levels.
This did not get me past level 2 either.

I
did not understand the protection tool at all. Sometimes it seemed to help get
the land higher but at others it did nothing. There was no feedback as to why.

Preparing
for risk affected development. If there was a comet in the sky a decision had
to be made to upgrade now or wait to see what it would do first. I took the
path that it is better to get on with things than wait around. This may have
been a factor as to why I did not get past level 2.

If you played the game only
once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?
Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

I
played the game three times before I got bored and frustrated with the appalling
music. I varied the amount of pods I had and varied the speed in which I
upgraded them. In one game I had one pod up to high levels while in another I
had lots of pods at low levels and in another I had a few pods at mid-levels of
development. None of these option got me past level 2.The game captures, in a
simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management
choices that matter in the place you live?

I live in Hong Kong which
is a wealthy city with lots of risk management practices and infrastructure in
place. We are most at risk from flooding from heavy tropical storms and
typhoons. The drainage system is well built and maintained and there is a
constant reminder to citizens not to block them with rubbish and waste.
Drainage not only keeps the low levels of the city (and its underground railway
system) dry, it also minimises the danger of high flow water coming down from
the sheer mountains that the city is built around.

Hong
Kong is at risk from rising sea levels. Hong Kong island and Kowloon are
protected in a large part by sea walls. But if the sea levels above the levels
of the storm water drainage this water will not be able to flow into the harbor
during storms and this will cause flooding. I am unsure what to recommend to
mitigate this risk other than to advocate all the options of CO2 reduction that
will reduce the melting of the polar icecaps.