191453

This game is a great combination of growth and the risks
involved in that.  The players have to
look at risk management continuously while carrying out the growth and development
the community. Risk management was needed to sustain as well as develop new
communities.  We have been provided quite
a few means to manage risk e.g. insurance, raising the level etc. While
insurance helps in coping with the after-effects of meteor hit, raising the
level is like prevention. We have the ability to do research on the meteors to
understand their severity and impact level. That costs resources that could
have been invested in development but helps plan in a way to contain damage.
Every step taken to understand and contain the risks costs resources but is
quite necessary to the community to survive. I spent most of my resources in
understanding the severity of the risks as well as raising the level to avoid
being hit by the meteors. Meanwhile I continued my focus on developing the community
and carrying on its progress..

 

Playing the game first time, my biggest learning was to do
research on the incoming risks. While playing the game second time, that is
what I tried investing in going forward. Facing a risk that is unknown in its impact
is something like a big gamble that one plays. Everything can be destroyed on
your bad day. So in my opinion it is quite important to research your risks and
their impact. And that was my biggest learning too while paying this game.

The game quite beautifully showcases many aspects of the
risk management. But from the game’s point of view, if I had to add something
it would be the power to avoid the risk. I mean something which would help me
destroy or divert the meteors. But I understand this is something that would
need a lot of resources.  So another
simpler thing that comes to my mind is making the research available to the
people free so that everyone can have access to that. With knowledge that is
readily available about the threats to survival, generally people are
well-prepared in advance. They can also invest their resources in developing
resistance to those risks. For example- I belong to India where, the natural calamities
like cyclones, storms, heavy rains, droughts, floods etc are quite common. The
government can invest in gathering knowledge about these risky things before
hand and make the information available to the people in the regions that are
likely to be affected. People can then prepare themselves better to cope with
these calamities.