1925262

In spite of trying around 10 times, I was not able to
succeed at level 2, so could not register a valid code. My comments and
reflections are therefore inspired by my failed attempts in completing the game
successfully as well as the theoretical content of the course.

Q1: The role of
risk management was to identify risks and prepare for their potential impacts in
a hostile environment. Through a combination of preparation (fortification of
buildings), research on the likeliness of impacts by meteorites and their
likely severity, and attempts to take emergency measures (lifting of the
island), the aim of the game was to develop the island and secure its existence.


The learning objective was to show that through a reasonable
balance in the application of the available measures, it would be possible to
reach a combination that would ultimately lead to sustained development of the
community.

The choices I made were to focus on the buildings and fortifying
them (measure 1) at level 1 of the game and looking out for meteors whose
impact was most likely high, while ignoring meteors that would most likely not
hit (measure 2). When a high impact was likely, I lifted up the island prior to
the hit (measure 3). In level 1 of the game, I also took out insurance, but
only at the lowest level (measure 4). At level 2 of the game, I followed the
same approach, but took out more insurance (middle and sometimes high premium).


My impression was that having taken out insurance, I was
able to re-build faster. However, I was not able to do that fast enough to make
it within the time limit and/or to avoid sometimes disastrous hits by meteorites
which pulled me back to early development stages.

In terms of trade-offs, insurance means paying out money to
come back faster in case disasters have hit. Paying too much money for
insurance, however, resulted in having less money available for fortifications
that could possibly withstand some of the hits. Research reduced possible impacts
and resulted in some hits not occurring or being less impactful. At the same
time, while doing research, it was not possible to build fortifications.

Q2: As mentioned,
I was not able to succeed at level 2, which indicates that I did not accumulate
the skills to complete the game successfully. It would have been useful to have
a bit more instructions (I consulted the tutorial, but did not find it very
helpful).

Q3: The game does
not give any role to technology and innovation in terms of the development of new
tools and techniques through which risks could be addressed and handled. The means
available were fixed and consisted in fortifications, research (which means
getting a realistic understanding of the likelihood and severity of hits) and
insurance (as well as community building which I could not figure out how it
worked).

Secondly, I live in a place where earthquakes can sometimes
hit. I would therefore have liked that earthquakes had been given a role as
well as other more realistic risks than meteorites, such as industrial waste spills,
major accidents, epidemics. However, this would make the game much more complex
which is a consequence that would have to be weighed carefully against the
gains.

