1930579

I learned in this game that how to balance between three
Luminator powers: Research, Protection, and Insurance. By using three powers
i.e. Research, Protection and Insurance, I learned how to create a healthy
community and a Luminator legacy. I also learned in the game that how to
prepare against negative shocks in this case comets, by means of allocating
knowledge characteristics of each comet, protection which is ground level and
insurance meaning resources to rebuild broken pods, all this done in a balanced
way and given an initial amount of financial resources, while at the same time
being able to foster development, that is to say, making the pods evolve over
time. If a comet did hit the ground, another goal was to learn how to cope with
its effects by recovering from the loss using the same elements. Some of the
trade-offs I had to face were, for instance, giving up a higher insurance
coverage in exchange for more protection and more resources to build new pods,
or having to build less pods in order to be able to afford of their insurances
when they evolved since they became more expensive. So as a consequence of
these trade-offs, this led me to make some choices which had to do with
reaching a balance between the deployment of knowledge, insurance and
protection, thus making sure these elements were available every time and that
they did not turn into obstacles. However this was an effective decision since
costs of preparation ended up being lower than costs of coping. After playing
the game several times, I learned that the finest way to manage risk while
encouraging development is by identifying the resources you have and how that
may help you mitigate risk, making an even and moderated use of them,
implementing development actions gradually but strongly, thinking
strategically, and learning from experience to become more resilient every time
towards the effects of risk In contrast to this, when I had done wrong the
first time I played this game was to focus right straight into the development
without taking enough time to analyze hot to manage preparation so that
development would not be hindered. Development was effected by preparation for
risk in times when the sever comets with high chance of hit came closer to the
ground, thus forcing me to spend great amounts of financial resources on
preparation which did not allow me to achieve a continuous development.

