1949522

From the start I have to say that english is not my first language, sorry about any mistakes you may find.1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?The very important thing in the game is the decision making. You should evaluate what are the best decisions you could take to get to development in the planet and win the level each time. I found risk management and the economic concept of “opportunity cost” very seemed. The opportunity cost is what you are willing to lose when taking a decision. For example, if a very strong meteor is coming and it’s very likely that it will hit my pods, I would prefer purchasing insurance or protecting my pods by raising them than upgrading them or creating new ones, because what I could lose is much bigger than what I could gain upgrading or creating some pods. So, using the knowledge (information) you have and the resources you can afford, you can evaluate what will be the best decision, this is the principal key in the game and I think that’s what risk management is about. I faced many situations in the game where I had to protect or purchase insurance when a very strong meteor was just about to hit my planet, but it was worth it because what I would have lost if I didn’t do that would have been much bigger than what I would gain if I would’ve upgraded my pods. I used to get a lot of protection even if there were no meteors because it was very likely and almost inevitable that at any moment a destructive meteor could hit my planet, so, that affected development after some time, but when I upgraded or created new pods I noticed that my wealth increased a lot faster, so that would affect development immediately.2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?I played it many times. The first time care about protection or insurance and didn't care too much about research and evaluate the impacts of meteors, losing a lot of resources and loss development . Obviously that wasn't a good decision. Them I adapt to every circumstances an create strategy's to achieve win the game. 3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?I will suggest the possibility of anothers form of insurance will be fun in the making of strategys. Other thing that I really change for better is more information about wealth generator of pots and upgrades of insurance, research's.