1961795

QUESTIONS 1

 What was the role of risk management in the
game? 

 The role of
the game is to create understanding that the catastrophe events need to treat
with several conditions and the key issue is to have the right balancing.

 What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?

 I confront
all aspects like:

-         
Knowledge with the past data of the impacts.

-         
Protection: trying to reach the same level of
the impact.

-         
Insurance: Covering the damages with the
insurance.

 

 In
what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

 Of course
the preparation for risk affect development, in both timing immediately and
some times.

 

QUESTIONS 2

 If you played the game only once, what
would you do differently if you were to play it again?

 If I do play
the game only once, I think I’ll focus more in the covering issues like
insurances and protections.

  Alternatively, if you played the game more
than once, what did you do differently after the first time? 



The main
element for me if, I played for some times, is to have more accurate a really
scenarios of the impacts, and make better decisions of the tradeoffs of
development and risk covering. 



Another
important point is not overestimate or underestimate the risk of the impact,
when you have the experience is more predictable.

 

What were the main things you learned from
the game?



The things
that I really understood is to have the right balancing of development and risk
protection.  In the areas that the course
cover, like:

-         
Knowledge.

-         
Protection.

-         
Insurance.QUESTIONS 3



The game captures, in a simplified way,
some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing.



I will add,
some explanations or actions with the right button of the mouse, maybe if you
add some explanations to some events in the game, people can have better o more
engaging with the situations. Is like really world, sometimes you have advices,
from the experts, sometimes in the same directions, sometimes opposite
directions.

 What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?



Maybe the
representation of a few animate cartoons claiming for live, Or something that
represent that if you fail, it will affects peoples.