1962194

This game was really useful and very representational for problems that can be solved by good risk management. As in reality, in game we had to confront many important trade-offs. The point is that we have to invest in preparation and prevention of crisis if we want to protect ourselves. It cost money which can be invested in some other things which could spped up our development. That is main trade-off in this game, and in reality also - trade-off between taking risk and invest only in economic development and investing in prevention and protection. i think that there should be balance depending on how much we know about those crisis (in game, knowledge about crisis is simulated by research). If we do researches, we will know much about those threats: what is possibility of the "hit", how often it can happen, what are the causes and consequences of it... When we know these things, we can plan how much should we invest in prevention and protection and how much should we care about pure development. At first sight, you might be thinking: "Development is more important!". Development is really important, but let's imagine that you invest everything you have in development and natural disaster hits your well developed community. You might lose everything and end up on the beggining. If you don't want or can't invest in prevention and protection, at least you can do is to insure. That is not the solution but it's better to do anything than nothing.Also, game is showing that quick reaction is really important when crisis strikes. That was simulated by crossing cursor over green marks (I don't know how are they called) - if you don't react quickly, you will not be able to avoid the damage, even if you have invested in protection.First time I played the game, I was focused mostly on development and i was taking high risk of being hit by comet. Then I realized that I should insure my objects. But, as I explained earlier, insurance is the least we can do. So I started doing research and prevention by lifting my village higher. That seemed like right move, but than I realized that I am spending all of my money on prevention and I am not able to reach required level of development. So, next time I played, I was ballancing between development and protecton, including insurance. That was the right move, so I have reached level 4 or 5, I am not sure.I think game represents real life situations very well, but in maybe too simplified way. What bothered me is that we had to face only one type of crisis (flood caused by comet strike). In reality, there is many more types of crises we have to confront, so I think that more types of crises should be included in the game. I am avare that this game is just simplified simulation, but there should be more types of crises, so we are forced to predict what kind of crisis may strike us, based on researches. In reality, there is big difference between defense from floods and earthquaqes, or economic crisis, for example. So, I think those kinds of crises and disasters should be included. That way, we wuld be forced to balance, not just between development and risk management, than also between different kinds of risk management, depending of type of crisis that could strike us.Generally, the game is really good and It has great educational purpose. I am really satisfied by how this class is organized - it is not only theoretical, there is much practice in it.