1992511

Answering the first question, the role of
risk management in the game was to improve a secure development by using
knowledge, protection and insurance. The choices I did was in first place to
insurance, in order to avoid an excessive risk for all my development. Then I
choose knowledge, in order to elaborate a strategy to confront the risk, and finally
get protection according to the elaborated strategy.

According to the second question, I played
the game for at least three times. The first time I focused on development, not
taking any preventive measures, and as you can imagine, it was an incredible
devastation. In the second time I played, I started to focus on insurance and
protection, but I was not able to keep the development rate because of the
limited amount of resources. In the third time I played, I tried to focus on
development and knowledge, and using protection when the research suggest a
mid-great risk of damage.

Finally, answering the third question, I live in
Chile so we –the Chilean people- are used to deal with at least three or four
earthquakes every decade and sometimes with tsunamis and other natural
disasters. The possibility to make multiple research and a progressive faster
development could be a great way to improve our risk management but sadly our resources are not efficiently distributed, so many measures, as research technology development cannot be taken. About protective measures,
Chile has a very strict law building standard, which makes houses or buildings construction very expensive, but as counterpart, we do not have to pay higher insurance premium (almost every house or building
has insurances covering earthquakes, tsunamis, fire or floods) because of the quality of our buildings that can resist earthquakes over 7 degrees in richter magnitude suffering mostly esthetic damages.

Since the earthquake of 2010 in the south of Chile, the government has improved the research
by making investment on technology, equipment and developing policies with the collaboration of countries with an important seismic development as Japan or U.S.A.

Chile has
also modified some construction standards to make better and robust roads,
keeping big buildings out of risk zones and elaborating programs of risk
literacy in colleges.I honestly apologyze about my poor english, I am a native spanish speaker so doing this excercise has required a high effort. I hope you be able to understand the ideas I have expressed.Thank you!