1993947

 As some of the students pointed in the forums, I got frustrated too trying to succeed Risk Horizon, I haven't read all instructions to be honest! I tried couple of times and failed to complete level 1, then I started thinking, what am I doing wrong?  I first noticed I must invest in insurance all the time, it decreases the damage risk in case comet hits. Then I noticed I'm not gaining much money and my development bar is always red or orange, I saw at the tutorial it has to be green to know you're chances of completing the round are high, I remembered I read this before in the FAQ: "The more pods you have (and the more upgrades you have) the faster your meter will fill" so now I had to play and take risk management choices, to invest more money on building and upgrading, but if I have no money I won't be able to research and protect, so I have to make a balance, I managed to do good to get graded 10/10. The falling comets! What an annoying element to deal with! sometimes you protect fully against them and they don't hit, then you don't protect fully and they damage like 50%!! Then again, I remember I have to research to know how to deal with them. I played the game 9 times as I remember, I tried to do many things differently, I invested in building more and upgraded more, I also made sure to purchase an insurance plan before I started any level (which I missed doing the first few times I played), I also focused on being faster, and researching each comet that appears, I also upgraded and repair all pods at the same time to gain more time for the game. If I had the chance to develop a newer version of Risk Horizon, I would give hints while the player is playing (that pops up above the object where the player must click, starting "Click here to..."), to be clear and specific, because I find the instruction a bit confusing. I would also think of a way to make the point of the game (Making Risk Management Choices) more obvious while playing, like having to choose between two things, this might be to chose between pods when the comet has to damage something. At the end I have to say it's always good to take risks, if I lose once or twice, that gives me a good lesson how to succeed the next time. And without taking risks we cannot move forward.