2016410

Risk Horizon Game Report

To begin with my report , first of all I totally lost my
patience post level 2 as it was an intense exercise juggling between protecting
from threats pre-damage and mitigating them (insurance and repairing my pods).


Risk management played an important role in the game as it
taught me to confront my risk of the   comet by protecting the pods and depending on
the research about the comets raising the bar to protect the island
accordingly.

The chances that I took while playing the game was that the
insurance I opted for was based on two factors when I researched about the
comet:

First was the severity of the damage it could cause and then
were the chances of hitting.

Sometimes due to lack of funds if the severity of damage to
pods was high but the chances of hitting was low I would not even bother to
take up an insurance , or in spite of knowing the severity of damage 

The trade-offs were to an extent dependent on the research
about the comets. The research was not very deep as I had less of time to
thoroughly research about the comets as I was more focussed on the growth and
development of the pods, it was a conundrum to save the island I could not develop the pods on an overall basis. And if I was developing the pods the meter to milestones slowed down as the risk could not be prevented due to lack of time.

Due to lack of thoroughness in my research and diversion on
growth I started protecting my island up to the 4th bar at least.

The insurance I normally took was of recovering 50% damage
but the first time when I reached level 3 , the continuous flow of comets of
different levels of severity giving me at times less of time to research and
think about the damage, I took 75% insurance.

There was a lot of struggling between the time for
developing and expanding my island and protecting it from the comets and still
fail actually.

From the first time , I learnt lot of juggling, I learnt
that you cannot have perfection in all.

Whichever you prioritise knowledge, research or protection
either ways the left ones will suffer and will ultimately abstain the island
from growing.

It is very important to understand and balance all the three
together. Even though it is impossible to eradicate the entire damage or to
provide for 100% protection due to lack of finance.

One cannot eliminate the entire risk and has to leave scope
for residual risk that is where insurance comes to play.

You cannot promise development when threats are natural and
cannot be prevented.

Its damage can be minimised but complete elimination will be
on cost of the growth of the island.

Therefore, its not jumbling between knowledge, insurance and
protection but the main game is between the juggling with risk prevention,
growth and development and risk mitigation.

If I have to change something in the game, I would have
brought in a lot of risks , not just flood or comets i.e. unavoidable.

My risks would be a mix of avoidable and unavoidable, to
understand the aspect of protection more.

Changes that I would propose to represent risk management in
my area would be-

Knowledge of the risks and its kindEducating with solutions to key obstacles of
risksHow to strengthen your internal core to match to
external threats. 