20233

1. Well, while risk management did matter in the game on some level (pun intended), overall it really didn't.  For me it was too heavily dependant on randomness (from now on RNG). Either that or I'm simply terrible at the game. Didn't get past level 4. You have to heavily focus on development to get anywhere. I found out the hard way  that you need to heavily invest in protection as well and use insurance only as needed. Insurance almost always served as the last resort, when things were going south. What I learned and the game conveys really well is that not preparing, be it protection, insurance or research, can set you back  by a lot. Which is one of the key points to take away, I think. Nevertheless, I got angry at the game pretty fast. First of all for not saving any of my previous scores, and then for not being really friendly with my ungodly wrist pain. Click click click click. 2. Differently than the first time? Everything. Tried to heavily invest in protection, then insurance and research. Then I tried out different combinations. To get past the level 2, you need good management. To get past level 3, you need good RNG. What did I learn? Well, nothing I already didn't know - RNG is a b*tch and universe is completely indifferent about how many nicely looking things you have built or how far have you come in your development. So could you get hit by a bus tomorrow. Just like anybody else. So better be protected, err... prepared. While in the game insurance won't do you much, in real life it can be quite a bit more useful, especially in some places of residence. 3. Oh, you know, just this one little thing called "How about NOT trying to settle our porcelain teapot nation on the surface of a planet being CONSTANTLY bombarded by comets roughly EVERY MINUTE".   Also caching previous results and codes would have been helpful. TL;DR: Key points: Not preparing for the threat, be it protection, insurance or research, can set you back by a lot. Universe is indifferent and doesn't care about you nor your level of preparedness. For me game was frustrating, and too heavily dependent on RNG. To fill in the rest , I would like to ponder over some things. First -  why people with no video creating capabilities have to write more?  Because, I sure as hell cannot speak at a rate of 200 words per minute comfortably. I'm not a bloody auctioneer. Are video responses preferable and encouraged then? Me: What about what I want... justice? Coursera: If you want justice, then you've come to the wrong place. To you, whomever rates this: Are you interested in sci-fi? http://sifter.org/~simon/AfterLife/  check this thing out.  Won't regret.