2029693

                                               Learning about Risk Assessment and Management - Risk HorizonQuestion #1:This game provided a good opportunity to playfully learn about the pros and cons of risk management. (provided risk management is complete) I would look at this game in two ways:a. The risk was that of the impact of asteroids on this city and the implicated damage to the structures (structural and cash wise)b. The developmental aspect was, generating cash as well as upgrading the structures such as to increase to cash generated, and then using the case to elevate the place of the structures such that it can shield the structures against the impact, as well as a possibility of insurance against the damage cause.What I learned from my experience?There is a definite trade-off between development and risk management, especially when it comes to sustaining an impact which might damage the structures and cost money.Also, there is I found a balance point, if you develop and elevate the level of the structures as well as insure for as much damage as you can you can counter the impact, and even avoid any damage, but this will cost money and since money is the real measure of development, as is upgrading of the structures this trade-off is very stiff.Question #2:I played the game many times, as a matter of fact I was able to ascend as much as 5 levels. Now, it did take me some time to acclimatize with the overarching theme as well as the pace of the game and like always my first time was sloppy!!But, I do remember one thing, in my second attempt I made sure that the elevation of the structures as well as the insurance was so much so that I could neutralize every asteroid impact resulting in either 'no damage' or the asteroid missing the target completely. Which did two things, I did not affect my development as a whole.What I learned from my multiple attempts?The prime lesson was the always be up for a risk. Meaning, one must be alert! Secondly, one must also be on the path of development, indirectly implying making cash to support and assist development (atleast true in this game) Technology can be a definite asset when it comes to risk management and definitely while risk assessment. After all, only if we can assess risk can we counter or manage it.Question #3:This is indeed an interesting question, especially when it comes to the country from where I come (India). Sure, it's one of the most crucial countries when it comes to global political theater as well as other diplomatic matters. India is a rapidly progressing country and loaded with assets and potential as it has the second largest, and apparently youngest populations in the world today.Given this background, I will add the following change in the game, the cash generated from the structures and the cash necessary to upgrade or built newer structures will lead to a difference. Because, the new structures and it's up-grading cost will be different. Because reflecting on the scenario in India we operate on Rupee whereas the global theater is dominated by US Dollar and there is a factor of atleast 55 Indian Rs behind every  USD. Thus, complicating the matter in real time, because when it comes to risk assessment and risk management these factors are not accounted for and they should be, not just to complicate the matter, but also to get it a step close to a real scenario!Thank You.