2050675

1. The game teaches the importance of risk management in the successful implementation of projects. The components of risk management are; Knowledge, Insurance and Protection.    Knowledge helps people to understand the nature and likelihood of risks they may face in an opportunity. Knowledge involves using the information to assess potential risks and then deciding how to act.    Protection are actions taken to lower the probability and size of negative outcomes or increase the probability and size of positive outcomes.. Protection can be self provided, purchased from market or provided publicly by the community or state.    Insurance: If protection cannot completely eliminate the risk of negative outcomes, insurance will help to cushion the effects of adverse shocks. This can be self provided or achieved by pooling risk with others or provided by the state.    The above three components constitute preparation for risk management and will alleviate serious loses. These has immediate effect on the development.both financially and physically.    Coping mechanisms are put into effect once risk has materialised. These will include updating knowledge and taking suitable actions to avert negative shocks in future.2. I played the game several times as I am not very good with computers. However I analysed as to the reason for not achieving the desired result.My main drawback was that I was not optimizing the time and the order in which the project was executed.. With each trial I Improved. and achieved some success. The lesson learned was that timing is an important factor in implementing projects and that each component of the risk management executed in the correct order with minimum delays.3. I was born in Sri Lanka and worked primarily in the Irrigation sector, dealing with rice cultivation of small holder farmers. If I am asked to develop a game I will develop the risk management model for rice farmers.       Knowledge component will consist of education, health(malaria, dengue fever etc.), , marketing (price fluctuations) and social risks (loss due to theft, terrorism, insurgency).       Protection will involve Irrigation infrastructures(storage of water, flood control,drought mitigation, water management etc.)        Insurance will be indexed to the drought conditions and the stage of the growth.