2062493

The role of risk management in the game was very important, first I had to protect myself from comets and I had to choose what to do first between building a new pod (or upgrading one) or take protection. The choices I made were: first learning to play the game, the fist time I played I did everything that was possible, basically to learn how the game worked. I had to choice between buying insurance or build a new pod, as well as I had to take the decision between "research" to learn about how the comet would impact and how much damage would the comet, so basically I had to decide what to do with the money and time (distribution of these two limited assets was the core of the game). Preparation for risk affects development anytime, because the decision about this trade-off between insurance/protection and building new pods always have to do whit these limited goods (time and money). So I was always trying to protect me anytime it was possible while I waited fot the pods to be built. I tiried to make a uniform distribution between pods and protection and I focused more on some aspect depending on the possible damage that could make the next comet.I played the game 3 times, first time I played was just to learn how the game worked, the other times I realized that I had to play slower and take a look to the bar on the left side (when was green I always tried to increase protection or do research), trying to build or upgrade pods all the time when the green bar down. Also when I figured out that the comet had a high chance of hit and more bars in "severity" than my protection bars, I had to increase protection to reach more bars than the eventual damage. I reach the level 5. Also, when a comet came with few bars and a few level of severity or few level of chance of hit, I focused on increasing protection or build more pods.On the other hand, I just bought insurance when my protection bar was too slow compared to the severity of a comet that came, this helped me a few times and helped me recover quickly. I learned that looking at the summary of damage at the end of each level, trying to build a mental projection when looked similar comets.I think to better represent the risk management I would add some external shock, a random one, that sometimes it could be a positive one and sometimes a negative one. This would represent what happens in everyday life, can be called luck or not, but there is an unpredictable factor of risk that may not be observed.