2073016

I found that the game did not always work well depending on the system being used.  E.g. when I used my linux based system, it made the game almost impossible to win, but when using the same system but loading a window OS, I had no problems getting to the higher levels.  This made playing the game increasingly frustrating to play, because on my linux system, I could not use protection to help manage risk and did not know why.  Without protection, risk management became close to impossible, using only two of the three tools.  Once I was able to use all three tools of risk management, the game became quite easy.  In particular, when playing the game I found that it was best to concentrate more on protection and research than insurance.  I found insurance to be close to useless, and instead only used it if there was a remote possibility that a huge meteor would hit and I would be unprepared for such a major hit.  The problem is that the game algorithm was broken, in that you could buy insurance of the highest level just moments before a huge meteor would hit, and prices would not alter.  This does not make sense because you would think that no one would insure a society, knowing that a meteor of great size was just about to hit.  I did find research versus protection to be an interesting dynamic.  But I found that research was a bit too powerful, because it didn't use any resources, and allowed a society to cope and have no damage when a major meteor crashes despite protection levels being relatively low.  Therefore the game needs to be balanced a bit more between the three four tools, protection, insurance knowledge, and coping.  I also found the choice of using protection versus developing the pods to be an interesting choice.  I lost on level 5 a few times, because I did not concentrate enough on development, and instead of protection due to the artificial 3:00 time limit.  I found being just a few seconds away from making the level quota and losing the game in such an artificial manner to be frustrating.  The fact that you had to restart the game from level one was also frustrating.  They could have made the game e.g. to start at two levels back.What I learned from the game is perhaps not the lesson that the writers of the game would want me to learn.  E.g. insurance isn't that important, despite the fact that in reality insurance should be used as a buffer which can transfer resources that one gains in good years to years that are bad, therefore is key for recovery and coping.  The game doesn't really accurately map what insurance does, because it makes insurance a one time fee, rather than collecting over time.  E.g. they could have made the game such that it deducts % of your income at time passes, rather than just having to pay a lump sum.  I also found that research and the subsequent ability to cope was a little too powerful.  If an earthquake hit an actual city, I don't think research alone would help save the city at all.  However with this game, it was a good possibility that research and coping alone would allow that city to survive with no protection preparations.  Overall I found that game to be a little to simple to really get an understanding of what risk management is really like, and could have employed more concepts of cost-benefit analysis.  In addition, perhaps adding in the concept of obstacles, e.g. corruption, lack of information, vested interest, etc. to prevent development and risk management might be interesting component that developing nations have to face, and would make the game instantly more complex and interesting.   