2093526

The game "Risk Horizon" simulates a fictional world "Alora" where there's a constant risk of Comet strikes from the heavens. It is our duty as "The Luminator", to help Alora develop and grow, while taking necessary precautions against the destruction wreaked by the Comets. We have at our disposal, the ability to "research" a comet, thus predicting more accurately, the dangers posed by it; we have the technology to physically raise our community so as to protect against the waves caused by the Comet strikes; and we have the option of buying insurance, to help pay for any damages.In short, we have a system where there's an interplay between knowledge (researching a comet, thus removing uncertainty of the threat), protection ('raising' the community, thus physically protecting from the adverse effects of a comet strike and roping in community involvement), insurance (buying insurance, thus spreading the costs of a comet strike over the insurance network) and coping (recovering from comet strikes), the fundamentals of risk management. Our aim is to mitigate risks as we strive to develop our community, essentially dividing resources (time and in-game cash) between development and risk management. The ambiguous nature of risk was exemplified in the game by the fact that the comet strikes were stochastic events and not completely determinate. Thus, it forces the player to deal with uncertain knowledge, and resort to hedging his/her bets on protection and insurance. Also, since protection gets carried over from one level to the next (unlike insurance), it was easy to see how protective measures taken at one time, contribute towards deflecting a huge threat at a much later time. For example, filling up the protection meter over the first two levels enables us to meet the really huge comet in level three. Of course, protection and insurance also helps us meet the immediate threats as well.I played the game multiple times, and soon realized that time is a precious commodity that must be properly managed. While I was researching a comet, I was not working on developing my pods, which often led to me failing a level. Thus, I started treating time as a scarce resource, which led to better game results. The lessons that I would take away from the game are that first of all, risk management is a balancing act. Tread too cautiously, and opportunities leave you behind. Focus only on opportunities without taking risks into consideration and you can get washed away. The split has to be just right. Secondly, I got a live example of how gamification can lead to better learning. Not only was I motivated to try and ace the game, I connected more with the theory by analogy with the game. Had there been a regular quiz, I would not have been so introspective of the principles of risk management, nor would the ramifications of protection and insurance be so apparent, as it is now.While the game is quite good with respect to the integrated storyline and the analogy that it provides with risk management, I feel the "insurance" feature of the game is not properly developed. Unlike protection, insurance does not carry over across levels, and one has to repurchase insurance at a much higher price in the succeeding level. In real life, this is not the case and insurance costs are more stable. If given a chance to redesign the game, I would change this so that insurance is more affordable (perhaps provide the option to buy with equal installments over a level).