2103276

I took a about five hours to reach level 4, broken into two attempts.  The first attempt was for four hours where I reached up to level 3.  I decided to stop the game and reflect on the actions that I have taken during those three hours.  The next time, I was more aware and sensitive to the different variables that are interacting in the game.  There are at least seven variables that one has to monitor, evaluate, analyse and subsequently decide on the course of action to take.  These eight variables are the (1) number of pods, (2) the elevation of the community to protect from the incoming surges, (3) the protection of the pods, (4) the severity of the incoming comet, (5) the chances of hit of the comet, (6) the research on the incoming comet, (6) the insurance, and (7) the cost of the course of action for each of these variables.  In the first attempt of four hours, my first strategy was to be conservative, building the pods at the center of the island and buying insurance at 75% coverage, and elevating my community as high as possible, reaching the pink color.  Although I did not sustain any damage from incoming comets, I could not reach the second level at all.  I realized that I was over-investing in insurance and community protection at a limited scale.My next strategy was to build more pods away from the shoreline, buy 50% insurance coverage and elevate the community at the first blue bar.  It made me reach pass level 2 but could not reach level 3.  I shifted my strategy by building more pods, starting around the center of the island and covering the whole island, getting 50% insurance coverage and elevating my community to the second blue bar level.  Having some extra funds left, I decided to build protection in my pods.  I reached level 3 signal but a comet hit and my pods were damaged that I miss level 3.Having learned that I need to protect my pod on top of having the insurance and elevating my community, I studied the profile of the incoming comets.  If the severity and chances of hit are low, I invest in pod protection on top of having 50% insurance and elevating my community to the 2 blue bar level.  I was successful passing level 3.Level 4 was just a few minutes away of the game since was able to assess information on the incoming comet, decide on 50% insurance coverage early on, build at least 50% of the pods and elevate the community at 2 blue bars.  Having extra funds, I invest in pod protection at the same time that I build more pods.  I reached level 4 after five hours.My take away from all of this, or my lesson learned is that it takes familiarity with the behavior of the different variables of the game in order to balance the need to acquire them throughout the cycle of assessing the hazard, investing in mitigation and insurance, reducing the cost of rehabilitation given the impact, and ensuring that funds are still available for future or the next level of complexity of the situation.If I were to re-design the game, I would include improvements in having more information about the impact as well as guide as to the quality and quantity of my investment for protection and insurance.  The game has to have an interactive voice narrative that will provide assessment as to the manner by which I committed the mistakes and the achievement of small wins.  