2107526

Risk Horizon: lessons about risk managementAfter playing Risk Horizon virtual game, and reflecting deeply, it is possible to say that the role of risk management is the heart of the game, the key for achievement a good result. It is because we as a players assume the role of a central planner, or a kind of policy maker, which have to take decisions for improving social welfare but dealing with limited resources. This kind of decisions always involve to confront to different trade-off, because all the choices that I made were limited by some constrains: time, money and the pressure of carry on the society at least to a goal level of welfare. In that way, if I wanted to get more knowledge by research a comet, I would have to spend time; in addition, If I wanted to have access to more protection or Insurance services, I would have to spend monetary resources. That is why in the game players always have to face risk and for wining they should manage risk, and dealing with different trade-offs.The dual effect of taking measures for preparing to confronting risks carry on that players think differently as the first time. As an initial lesson of the game, we can say that preparation of risk affects development negatively in the short time, because we had to expend money or time by research, buying insurance or accessing to more protection. However, it is evident the  good effects of preparing for confronting risk, and in that way risk affects development positively. It is for that reason that after playing the game for first time I learned that I have to find a balance, between spending resources for immediately improvement or taking preparation for risk measures. As a result, I learned the importance of preparing for risk and their later effects.As a conclusion I think that the game is a good simplified representation of risk management process, from the point of view of a policy maker or a centralized institution. However I would like to include more agents and some externalities effects,due to the different interaction among them. I think that this new version of the game will lead to represent risk management choices that matters in my community, because some times we need to chose strategically, and the trade-offs are more complex when people's behavior is involved. For example, some times politicians take their decisions only regarding how the policies will affect their immediately political clout, instead of having a perception of the overall community, something that change the evaluation of multiple risky choices. Post-data: please, I'm not a native English speaker, I'm sure I've made a lot of grammar mistakes, and I would be very glad if you can send me your feedback at qsschristi@yahoo.es