2111754

Question One:

The game signifies the crux of the World Bank’s 2014 report:
the delicate balance between risk-taking, and the design of a proper risk management
program. Your goal in the game is to build out a lunar colony to the specified
development target – all while watching out for deadly meteorites. This mirrors
the real-world economy in terms of individuals and organizations taking risks
to achieve goals in the face of uncertainty. The meteors represent a classic ‘black
pool’ risk problem: one where the impact and one’s entire exposure to a risk
are not completely known.          

My strategy for the game was to hit my development targets
as quickly as possible and then invest in risk management tactics near the end
in preparation for the next level. 

I did not do any research on
the meteors as I found it was too time-consuming to worry about and took too
much of my decision-making capacity away from the main task of building
colonies (this is another trade off in the game’s risk management lesson).  Instead I bought 50 percent insurance when it
was affordable and worked to raise my colonies to the highest level of ‘absorb’
meteorites. This worked well as I could just keep my cursor on the raise control
when not building colonies. During Level Six of the game I realized that I
would not reach the aggressive development targets if I did not get all of my
colonies to the highest build status. At this point I abandoned all risk management
ignored the incoming comets and upgraded as fast as I could.    

Question Two:

I ended up losing because of
two meteor strikes in the last 40 seconds of Level 6. I did not manage my risk
properly. However, I was not on track to hit my development target anyways. If
I were to play again, I would be more aggressive with development – even if
this means taking on more risk. 

Question Three:

In addition to insurance, I think it would be interesting if
the game allowed players to buy ‘futures contracts’ on specific meteors; making
it possible for a colony to gain back over 100 percent losses on impacts. This
would further incentivize doing research on meteors, as players would need to
figure out which side of a bet to be on as they take contracts out on meteors
hoping to get a payout. 

