2114763

1. Risk management was about
assessing idiomatic risks, such as the speed of development with systemic risks
of tidal waves and time-outs. My ambition began as a moral hazard, as I didn’t
have the initial knowledge through experience. I found it hard to assess in
real time the value of pods against damage inflicted upon them and the
insurance/savings needed to cover this. This prevented growth past level 3.

Raising the ground level at
the beginning was a simple, lasting form of protection, outside each level’s
time constraints.

First, I bought 75%
insurance to overcompensate for damage costs, but when that reduced income for
growth, I went for 50%, and allowed the community to grow wealth to cover own
risk through savings. Cash flow was a major risk factor to growth.

How quickly I made community
connections after a disaster was decisive in reducing damage through coping and
protection.

What was I supposed to learn
from the comet analysis at the end of each round? I experienced cognitive
failure, a clear obstacle to my knowledge of risk management.

2. I played a number of
times, always failing to balance insurance and time at level 3, even when I
took a longer view. At first, there was a phase of learning how the game
reacted, and time constraints plus ambition led to myopia. I became too big too
fast. I tried slowing down growth, so my insurance claims would be less
dramatic. Doing the game again, I would try to calculate the hard costs from
the data during and after each level, to make clearer decisions.

The inevitable supercomet at
the end of level 3 means there is no risk. Therefore development must be steep
in this level, so that the growth is not set back to a point that cannot be
rescued in the remaining time.

3. I would change my
insurance company, and clarify the meaning of the statistics after each round. I
want to to upgrade between 50% to 75% by paying the DIFFERENCE in premiums.
Here, the cancellation of one policy and the beginning of another is a rubbish
deal.

Here in Germany, everything
is over-insured, and companies earn millions from complex policies that create deliberate
cognitive failure in the customer. Meanwhile, my friends in Iraq refuse to
leave home, in spite of invasion by ISIS, because they are bound by a duty to
their family. In other words, under over-certain or extremely uncertain
circumstances, some people lose trust in institutions and choose to cope. This reflects the google hangout point that one must try to
understand why people don’t appear to manage risk.