2130320

The game had two main resources, money and time:        a. Knowledge (researching the comet) required time since if you clicked on the comet to research, you could do nothing else in the meantime.    b. Protection required both time and money since raising the height required both your click as well your money.    c. Insurance required just money.This was the beauty of the game. More protection and insurance meant less money for building pods, but it also meant less damage and thus repair expense if a comet struck. More protection also meant less time for research and thus less time to link communities when a comet struck. You had to somehow balance all of this and still invest enough in pods to fulfill a level. I played this game twice. The first time, I didn't even cross level 1. This was primarily because I invested too much in insurance, protection and research. The immediate effect of this was that I didn't have enough pods to complete the level. Another mistake that I made is that I let too much money remain idle for far too long (because I wasted a lot of time researching and getting protection and forgot to invest money in pods). The second time, I got to level 6 and then lost. I lost at level 6 because I got complacent. Though the incoming comet was very severe and likely to hit, I didn't invest enough in insurance. I thought my protection and research would be enough to stop it in its tracks. The result, my buildings were damaged, and thus so was my earning power. This started off a vicious cycle. I did not have enough protection but if I invested there, I would have no money to spare for repairs (and repairs were very expensive since I had overlooked insurance).There are several lessons that I drew from this game:1. Importance of research - It is very important for a country to conduct strong research of potential disasters (comets) that can strike it. This research will help the country mitigate risks better and also cope with disasters (linking communities in the game) when they strike. 2. Resource utilization - It is very important for a country to ensure that resources are not idle at any point in time. Idle resources can cost the country a lot of development (as I realized in my first attempt). Plus, a country should use its research to address risks better. Like in my second attempt, I should have invested in a better insurance cover when I realized that a comet with such severity and likelihood was in the sky. A country should avoid complacency (like I should have in my second attempt). If USA had not become complacent in 2006 and listened carefully to what people like Raghuram Rajan (who then, as chief economist of the IMF, had predicted the financial crisis) had to say, then perhaps it would have tamed the finance industry before it wrecked havoc.Finally, if could, I would add a panic bar to the game which would appear after the comet hits. This will mimic real life, where people panic when a disaster strikes making community links difficult. Thus a higher panic bar will reduce time for community links. As we saw in Bangladesh floods, proper communication can improve organisation thus helping people work together. Thus like insurance one can buy communication systems beforehand and one will also have three options, the more expensive the option, the more effective it will be in reducing panic.This concludes my summary.Thank you for your time. 