2135446

       Risk management urges us to know what is
the potential risk and what are the measures taken to avoid or to mitigate this
risk. It is obvious in this game that the risk is defined by the damage of pods
caused by a comet hitting the ocean by raising the level of waves. Severity,
speed, and probability of hitting are specific risks related to the comet
itself. To avoid this risk many choices are taken: protection and insurance.       Options
of trade-off are taken into consideration by using the following risk matrix:-       
If severity
of the comet is high and hitting the ocean chance is high, protection slider
should match the grade of severity and insurance plan # 3 should be applicable.
In case, hitting the ocean chance is low, and severity high, insurance plan#2
should be applicable.-       
If
severity is low, and whether the hitting of the ocean is low or high, I think
protection slider should be at low position and insurance plan should be at
level # 1 #2.As for trade-off, the speed of the comet plays an important role
in wealth development, thus if the speed of the comet is low, wealth will
increase and pods will be constructed. As for time of research, it will help to
recover the damaged pods by increasing the time of repair.       In addition, preparation
for the risk plays an important role in risk management. This preparation can be
executed by choosing simultaneously many variables:  knowledge, protection, insurance plan and the
speed of the comet. Any neglect of one of these variables will lead to negative
results. Thus, preparation means to take actions before the shock is happened
and not after. Timing process, is a key factor in risk management. So, what
worth are the benefits of insurance plan and protection procedure after a shock
is happened?   The main things that I have learnt from the game is to know what
the risk and, how to prepare for that risk and the probability of occurrence of
the risk. So many questions will be taken into consideration in the assessment
of the potential risk: Is there a risk? Is it severe? What is the probability
of hitting? So, even the probability of hit is low, there is also a potential
damage that should be avoided by taking the necessary measures.       Therefore, I suggest when playing the game to
choose between two modes of choices: the first is the automatic mode and the
second is the manual mode. Thus, the first choice is to let the software take
the necessary measures to avoid the risk by telling the user what to do, i.e.
increase the protection to notch 4, and choose insurance plan#2.In this way,
the user will be more familiar with risks encountered and he will know also,
how to avoid them. This mode will be a guide and a tutor for the new user. The
manual choice, is the user who decide to choose the necessary measures. In this
case, the user will gain more experience when playing the game for several
times. I suggest also, to increase the wealth developer when moving to the next
level. This will be as an incentive for the player to continue the game to the
end.     In Lebanon, and
especially in Beirut, there is a potential risk of earthquakes. Reviewing the
history of Beirut earthquakes on the internet, gave me all the knowledge about
past earthquakes and their degrees on Richter scale. The actions that will be
taken preparation and warning people and informing them how to act.





















 