21391

The task was to develop the island by constructing iteratively better versions of the pods. The challenge was that meteors could come, potentially hit the island and destroy everything — thereby undoing ‘years’ of development work, either in part or in whole.
The role of risk management in the game was to look out for the meteors, assess their severity, and look for ways to minimize the damage that could potentially be caused by those falling meteors. 
I started building the pods as quickly as I could afford to do so. As soon as a meteor appeared, I quickly assessed it severity. If the severity was low, I kept on building the pods. If the severity was medium, I sought additional information as a form of protection and then bought insurance — both of which raised the island’s height so as to make the island safe.
As soon as I bought insurance, the threat from the meteors receded. It was not always easy to decide between whether to buy insurance or not: so, judgment calls had to be made from time to time. 
I practiced the game a few times, and made myself familiar with its terminologies and requirements. I played the game once. I realized that as soon as a threat appeared, I had to collect the relevant information, raise the level of protection and insurance. During non-threatened times, I focussed on building and developing the pods. Besides, from time to time, even when there were no threats, and when I had more than enough cash, I bought insurance (up to 75 %) so as to protect the island from future shocks. I realized that as I got ‘richer’, my ability to buy more expensive insurance options went up as well.    
What I learnt was that I need to look both at the present situation and the likely future situation. As soon as I became ‘stronger’ in the lower levels, that gave me confidence to buy more insurance and get more protection as I advanced to the higher levels, for I could afford those services.
In terms of what I would change: The points about the purchase of insurance came out quite well. The points about getting protection came out not so well, while the points about getting knowledge came out not very well. Besides, the changing color of the ‘thermometer’ from red to green to red to green was also confusing: I was not quite sure what necessitated the change even when I was doing all right by the standards of the game.  

