2153523

Reflection - Risk Horizon Game The role of risk management in the Risk Horizon game was to learn to mitigate risk in preparation for an event where falling meteors could cause real loss through damage caused by rising sea levels to waterfront pods (homes). Preparation was required by the player to defend against the oncoming damage with the limited resources of funds and time available. Because the resources were limited the player needs to work out how activities needed prioritising.
Risk management choices I made during the game were to monitor and conduct research of the meteors chance of impact and severity, take out insurance against damage, build protection by raising the elevation of the settlement from sea level and strengthening the communities and perform structural upgrades to the pods.
Trade-offs confronted me in terms of the time it took to acquire my knowledge "actions to improve understanding of possible shocks and their potential outcomes" as well as perform other activities. The cost to create protection "actions to reduce the probability or magnitude of losses from negative shocks, or to increase gains from positive shocks" by building up the land, repairs after meteors hit and buy insurance "actions to transfer resources from good to bad times, or to those most in need in bad times" were an issue because the funds and time available were defined and limited therefore priorities had to be identified.
Preparation for risk affected development immediately as there was a delay to acquire then construct improvements then the cost of development was restricted by the funds available.
I played the game more than once, I restricted the number of pods I added after my first experience and paid for insurance and protection and upgrades to the pods. The main things I learned from the game was that activities needed to be identified then prioritised. Insurance is not a priority if there are no pods. Research proved to be the most important activity with protection and upgrades being very useful.If I was tasked with developing a new version of this game I would add characteristics that offer more detail such as "character images; portraying what the community connections do or provide" or the change I would propose to best represent the place were I live in the risk management choices would be have the meteor path cross the Southern Cross star constellation which is an Australian icon.
