2169217

1. This game is a reflection of a real life risk- management scenario that often demands a multi-pronged approach to risk management. It encompasses four broad instruments of risk management- use of protection that can prevent the risk of a comet hitting, research that can gauge the probability and severity of hit ,  building community connections that can mitigate the effect of the risk if the comet hits, developing the area which also lessens the impact of a comet hit, insurance that helps in rebuilding the entire area if the comet hit entails damage.All four instruments of risk management- research, protection, development, insurance cost resources. The best strategy would be to develop the area first and when there is a chance of hit by the comet, invest resources for research to understand the severity and chance of hit. If the chance of hit is very high it is best to buy insurance apart from investing some money in protection. The amount of insurance bought should reflect the severity of hit- a higher severity would warrant a greater amount of insurance.However, since insurance is costly if the chance of hitting is very low it is better to invest in protection rather than insurance. Protection should also directly reflect the severity of hit. Preparation for risk, that is raising the island height to protect against comet hit, costs resources and hence leaves less fund for developing pods. Even after a high level of protection if the comet hits then there will be very little funds left for rebuilding the pods, unless insured. However, if protection actually staves off the comet, then the pods remain undamaged and one need not shell out resources for development. 2. I played the game only once and I put too much funds into insurance- that  is, coping after damage and less on preparation for staving off risk. The next time I play the game, I think I need to use a more mixed strategy- I need to put up protection in accordance to severity of hit and I should buy insurance according to probability and severity of hit. Also, since building community connections is cost-less, it is wise to concentrate fully on connection building and provide a social cushion to damage prone areas in this manner. Insurance makes sense only if the chance of hitting is very high. If the chance is high, the appropriate insurance plan can be thought of from the number of packages available according to the severity of hit. 3. One aspect I would like to introduce into a new version of the game would be to include long-term insurance packages. Normally,once you commit to an insurance plan it is very difficult to change it , tailoring it to your needs every-time you spot a new risk arising. I would like to include a more long term perspective into the game- if one commits to an insurance plan, he has to pay the same premium for the next five years. So, rather than focusing every-time on the imminent danger of a comet hitting, the focus will become long-term- a long-term planning horizon that entails estimating the number of comet hits, how many could be prevented and then committing to an insurance plan accordingly.