21821

I found the Risk Horizon game particularly interesting.

At the level One of the game, I found that it was important
to begin building a community with the funds available, as without a community,
there would in the first place be nothing to protect from unforeseeable events.

The second most important thing to do right after the
community starts growing is to avoid possible disaster by investing in research
that would prevent the strikes from the meteors

However chances are that the work done to prevent meteor
strikes might not be enough hence it is important to purchase insurance, so
that in the event that such happens and there is damage to the community, the
cost of reconstruction is partly bourn by the insurance company

I observed that after spending a considerable sum, say
4/5th, of resources in developing the community, the amount of money available
to purchase insurance and invest in research is reduced hence my community is
less protected from a meteor strike

I did play the game a couple of times, at first I didn't put
in enough effort into research and elevating the community to prevent damage
from meteor strikes hence the community suffered damage each time there was a
meteor strike.

However at other times I realized I was upgrading the
buildings too fast, such that I was draining my resources to fast. At other
times I noticed that not upgrading the pods meant that I wasn't rewarded with
resources

I think the most important thing for advancing in the game
is building the community and protecting the community with research. Insurance
is important in crossing levels, but the minimum/basic insurance is usually
sufficient.

If I were to introduce a new feature to the game, I would
add something related to crime within the community, and something to show the
effect of corruption too, and features that would solve these problems. 

I would also introduce penalties, for not evenly
distributing development across the community, by this I mean that at some
point say level 2 or 3 upgrades of pods should be evenly distributed or the player
loses points.

I’ve learnt that it is quite tricky to balance community
development while managing the risks associated with unforeseen occurrences.
Also keeping tab on historical records of such events can help us make better
future decisions along the lines of utilizing our resources.

In all I think the game was very insightful and I have
decided to make an effort to finish the game.

