2186958

1.

Risk Horizon is the game representation of the
level of risk and opportunities that a community can take in order to reach its
ultimate goals all within a fixed amount of time and resources. Webster’s
dictionary defines horizon as the limit or range of a person's knowledge,
understanding, or experience and the game truly combines these three which
as in real life all these qualities are needed to be successful as an
individual or as a group. Risk management includes a set of narrow decisions
made with almost no mistakes to reach the next level. This shows that risk
managers in real life should be well prepared for the objective to be met.

There are five resources to manage in Risk
Horizon: research (knowledge), protection, insurance, and fixed amount of money
and time from which I consider knowledge as most important, followed by money
and time then insurance and protection.  Protection
is very useful but too money consuming so I only took it up to one bar, while spending
much of the time in research when not building or restoring pods after catastrophe.
Some people will consider money as the first resource but to make money it
begins with some knowledge to generate it and administer it wisely. 

Besides knowledge, protection, and insurance trade-offs
there are also money and time trade-offs in the game. For example I spend more money
to build pods in less time but when I was low on financial resources I spend time
saving or in other tasks while community generates more money and so on. 

Preparation for risk affected development
immediately as the building of new pods was suspended to concentrate in gaining
knowledge of every comet before it stroked. After some time, risk preparation was
proven to be beneficial after the community has reached certain grade of
development. If preparation is good it will reduced future effects of disasters
on development.   

2.

In the game I reached Level 2 twice and I
scored the last one for the course punctuation but I tried several times before
gaining experience although I lost. We learn from known disasters and cases
from own and others experiences, so the world has developed. In the game at first
I saw that building pods as fast as possible with some insurance and little
protection and not taking knowledge of the comets was a bad strategy. After I
recognize that I could build at a moderate speed, stop when comets appeared, gain
knowledge and protect and when the sky was cleared continue building pods without being afraid of when a comet landed. I
confirmed that planning before hand is a major factor for success. So the plan
was first develop and protect and recover from disaster if any (I clicked fast
to community support) and develop the rest of the pods at the end of the stage
trying to beat the clock.

3.

I would change the time factor. Time used in development
in order to accomplish the level before 3 minutes, then take a brief rest
between levels, but in reality there are short medium and long term goals
according to the level of commitment of the community (horizon) represented by
the player. So for example the time would be set as levels of 3, 6 or even 9
minutes. Another upgrade that can be set is a limited variable bank loan that
can be used at any moment of the game if available that can be returned once
your completed a level.

 

