2204825

1

The risk management is a
core idea of this game. The players are required to achieve certain development
level of their communities which face risk of detrimental or lethal comet
impact. The satisfactory level of development was possible to achieve only by
design and implementation of effective strategy of managing the risk of comet
strike. 

The major trade off was a
hard choice between buying the insurance as early as possibly (which proved to
be prudent) and procrastinating this decision. The procrastination allowed investing
more in profit making infrastructure (which proved to be tempting). This
strategy had been working well for a while but eventually was always collapsed
by severe comet hit.

 Adequate preparation for
the risk positively affected the development. Although, at first glance,
protection measures delayed the development and consumed the resources; it
helped to either completely resist to moderate strikes or minimize the damage of
severe strikes.

2

I have learned from this
game that balance of measures is critical for successful risk management
strategy. After first unsuccessful attempts, I had learned that it is terribly risky
and practical impossible to succeed by overinvesting in single component of
risk management. The successful strategy requires the permanent search (via
failures and mistakes) of balanced and optimal allocation of scarce resources into
various risk management instruments.

3

The most severe risk
which my country is currently encountering is terrorists’ attacks sponsored by
Russian government. This particular risk is actually well captured by “comet
strike” analogy. The efficient risk management strategy in such case includes
research (gathering intelligence), protection (building internal security
institutions) and insurance (participation in international security organizations).

Ukraine, however,
encounters another latent risk – mortality crisis. Ukraine is number one
globally by its mortality rate. I may consider developing the game by accommodating
this type of risk. I think that distinguishing features of risks related to
health or ageing are stemming from its latent nature: the immediate triggers are
not always visible, the negative factors tend to accumulate over time, and many
occurred consequences are not fully recoverable.

Thus, the game, in
addition to comet strikes, may include risk like decay or erosion of infrastructure
which requires permanent maintenance. The later maintenance starts the more
expensive recovery becomes and the more irrevocable decays accumulate.