2209423

The role or vital importance of risk management in the recommended game practically illustrated how to prepare against risk and properly coping with it’s effects and moving on to the next chapter (in this case level). After taking the tutorials I jumped into the game proper having little knowledge of what was coming my way, but as I played the game over and over again I got used to what I should and shouldn’t do first, that is priority. A popular saying that goes like “proper preparation prevents poor performance” proved true in this game. The risk in this case (game) comet of different strength, intensity kept hitting on my pods, in some cases destroy them for example in one particular case 67% damage was made to them, I had to rebuild them and continue the game. What risk management has taught me is to carefully study each comet, no to presume or assume because surely it’s going to the hit the pods and it’s in my best interest to study them and understand them thereby looking for a possible outlet to the damage and in most cases no damage was sustained. No damage was sustained because I didn’t allow the comet take me unawares, I saw it coming prepared for it and made the best out of it.  After a particular damage on my first attempt playing the game my pods incurred a damage of about 67% and I was to rebuild it. I did that without and insurance and I had about 7 pods and had to do the reconstruction with about $200 each, it costed me a lot, instead of upgrading my pods I went back rebuilding what I had already. During the 2 trial I after building 3 pods I went for a 75% insurance package after which it wasn’t long another comet damaged 50% of my pods at this time I had insurance and it didn’t cost up to $21 to fix each of them, giving me enough balance to continue like nothing happened. At some point I had to go for a higher insurance plan just to big bigger pods and make sure if anything happens to them I can easily and comfortably rebuild them. In all when comets with greater chances of big impacts came around I knew I had to spend more preparing, because if I spent more preparing I won’t have to a lot in rebuilding after the impact. To effectively play this game I had to identify what I was given to start with and how to manage that and allow constant development in my community.If  I’m to develop a new version of this game I’d make it interactive, a questionnaire format that gives you options to progress to the next stage highlighting the roles of the government, bank, international bodies, family and community how and where you will need them. Giving the player 15 minutes period to play the game. On the game board will have a portal you will check for the weather and financial reports which the player must check to know the next line of action to protecting his community. To get the maximum mark, the player must show how to maximize risk and make out opportunities from them by not only preparing for the risk but making sure it opens a way to grow the economy. The player also should be given different kinds of loan plans and he should wisely determine the best course for the community. I’m so grateful to be a part of this exercise. I’m a Nigerian studying in Ukraine and this is exactly what my country need right now. Thanks again.