2222118

The role of risk management in the game was to
protect against unforeseen events like natural disasters or loss of employment
or serious health problems. These events were represented by the comets
striking planet earth and causing damage, or missing planet earth narrowly. By
taking insurance, I protected my assets so that they could be easily rebuilt in
the event of damage. In the game, I made the choices to build assets and take
insurance to protect myself from risk of unforeseen events that could be damaging.
There were several unforeseen events that caused damage, and there were some
that caused no damage. But, because I was covered by insurance I was able to
repair the damage quickly and get back on my feet soon.

I played the game several times, and got better
each time. It took me several games to progress beyond Level 2, as I did not get adequate insurance in the earlier games. As I played each game, I learnt that building and owning assets was a
good strategy but if I did not get adequate insurance to protect them, I was
taking a big risk. Unforeseen events can take place at any time, and we must
always be prepared for them. That is the main lesson of this game, and one that everyone should heed.

If I were tasked with developing a new version of
the game, I would add another choice for an unforeseen event. Currently, an
unforeseen event is represented by a comet in the game. I would add earthquakes
to the unforeseen events mix, and make the game more interesting. I would make
the unforeseen events occur randomly so that one would not know which event
would occur next, and that would make the game more challenging to play. The
risk management choices are correctly represented by the insurance levels, but
I would also add a choice for 100% coverage in the event of unforeseen disaster.
That way, one would be completely covered against the risk of damage but at a higher cost or premium. Overall, the game is very informative and interesting at the same time and fun to play. As one
plays it, one gets a better understanding of risk management in one’s life and consequently one is better prepared for unforeseen events that could cause damage.