2245801

The game provided an adequate stimulation of the
aspects of risk management: knowledge, protection and insurance as well as the
need for continuous development. First of all, research provided me with
knowledge as to the severity of the shock; the likelihood of the comet hitting
Alora; and how long we had to prepare for the shock. It also enabled us time to
form community relations that would help after the shock hit. The research
aspect of the game therefore, helped me assess the risk and provided me with
information with which to prepare for its coming effects on the development of
Alora.

In terms of protection, the game enabled me practice,
to an extent, using the knowledge acquired through research, i.e. the level of
the severity of the coming shock to improve protection thereby reducing
potential damage and mitigating risk. It made me aware in a sense, of how
prepared I was for each shock and allowed me assess if I needed to take
additional steps to manage the risk.

Insurance provided much needed help with the costs of
rebuilding and helped to re-kick start development after a shock. To a large
extent, it also served to reduce stress just before a comet hit. It was easier
to concentrate on other aspects knowing that insurance would help alleviate the
financial burden of reconstruction.

I played the game a few of times. Each time I tried to
pay more attention to all the details at once, as much as I could. After the
first time, I made sure to insure adequately at all levels. After I had played
a couple of times, I realized the importance of devoting more time to research.


From the game, I learnt not to be too quick to
criticize disaster risk management efforts. It requires specialist skills to
maintain the required balance between “regular” development; research into and
assessment of a coming shock; protection of the entity from the effects of the
coming shock where possible and ensuring that effective reconstruction would
commence as soon as possible after the shock.

To better reflect my country, I would introduce, if
possible, elements of wastage from corruption; ethnic biases; and inter as well
as intra party bickering and manipulations all of which serve to delay and
sometimes halt altogether, reconstruction and development efforts.

