2308814

Game Reflection

 

The role of risk management in the game is
explicitly included via the preparation items such as gaining knowledge
(research) on the risk-events, the option of purchasing insurance, and the
possibility of obtaining physical infrastructure protection; also the very
important item of coping to deal with the events was a critical element
of the game. With these elements and combining them the required balanced
between the cost of preparation versus the probable benefits was continually in
tension with the general game strategy of having a successful society being
able to develop strongly in time.

 

The continuous range of possibilities for
trade-offs was a key element: not only what to do, but when to do it. The
timing of decisions and actions was of great importance. How to grow and
develop the society under the unexpected risks of nature, was determined by a
general strategy where one would grow its society, and as soon as a meteor
appeared the information on the severity and probability of loss was required
in order to determine how to establish protection and insurance. So the
trade-off involves in a first level the usage of two resources: time and money,
and from there the next trade-off level is how to specifically use time to
acquire information, and money to assign to level of protection and insurance.
Of course, information greatly determined what level of protection and insurance
was required in the short, mid and long-term scopes. In spite of having
possible extreme events, preparation definitely reduced the impact of the
shocks and gave the society the possibility of coming back and recuperating!

 

If re-playing I would establish a clearer
strategy for capital investment in protection in combination with insurance so
as to have a lower maximum loss; and this in turn is determined by the agility
with which I can obtain and  translate
the information acquired of possible risk events. 



The game showed the relations and
complexities of risk management for development, and specially the fact that
decisions have to be made, and inaction definitely has to be avoided, although
acting has to be analytical in order to have the greatest options in the short,
mid and long-term scopes.

 

New version: I would include a “Net
Development Index” of the society which combines growth, less expenses in insurance
and infrastructure and establish a minimum cash level for a short period of time, e.g. 15 sec, after which it must be higher or else society stagnates and requires extra resources to grow. I would also include the possibility of “black swans” – completely
unpredictable risk events for which one has to have protection but definitely does not know when ,if at all these will occur.

 

 