2324628

1.  The role of risk management is important in the game. This is because the aim of the game is to build up pods on a barren unpopulated island. However, the island is continuously subjected to the threat of comets. When the comets strike and hit on the island, the pods built will be damaged and the island will be scorched and turned uninhabitable.  

So, ways must be thought out to build pods on the island on the one hand and protecting the buildings from the threat and damage done by the comets. Ways of protection will involve risk management.           

The risk management involves a few basic steps and requirements. 

The first step is to do some research on the comets in the sky.  The power to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet will give some idea to the player whether to neglect the comet (with little chance of hitting) or step up protection for the comet (with high chance of hitting). Also, the longer you do the research on the comet, the higher chance for you to mitigate the effects of the hit after the comet strikes on the island. 

The second step is to do protection. If the slider on the bottom right of the screen is pressed and held into the upright position to raise your island. By matching the level of protection with the severity of the comet, one will prevent one’s pods from being damaged!

The final step available is to obtain insurance for the pods built. The insurance policy must be carefully selected so that the smallest premium spent can offer enough protection against the comets striking.

However, the preparation for risk will affect the development. When you do the research on the comet, the development will be halted. When you uplift the slider on the bottom right, the development cannot take place at the same time.

Also, when money is spent on insurance, less money will be spent on the development. 


2.  If I play the game more than once, I shall do something differently in the second time. In order to achieve optimum progress and wealth on hand, I shall research every comet and neglect those comets with less likely impact possibilities. I shall only raise the insurance coverage had I been sure the coming comet will cause a disaster. Also, I shall raise the slider to raise the energy level to mitigate the impact of the hitting comet. However, I shall upgrade the pods whenever possible.

The main things are the balance of the risk and protection. In order to obtain the optimum result, one must balance the resources on hand and sometimes moderate risks have to be taken. 

Also, I learnt from the game that time management is important. This is because each game has only 3 minutes and time must be utilized wisely to build up the community and to mitigate any impending and afterwards loss. 

3.  This game requires a delicate balance between the various available options in order to build a healthy community. However, if I were to change the game, I shall do replace the “comet” with “typhoon”. Typhoons come every summer to my part of the world and if the impact is direct, much disaster will result on the land area. The research on the “typhoon” will be similar to that of the “comet”.
There is one more thing I would add is the option to construct/enhance city drainage in order to mitigate the flooding brought by the typhoons.
