232791

The game was effective in drilling in the lesson that when faced with limited resources and ever-present hazards, there is always a trade-off one needs to make in terms of allocating resources toward growth and development, acquiring knowledge about the hazards, protection of existing assets, 
and insurance. These are of course the various aspects of risk management. Diverting some resources from development toward protection led to a decrease in the growth in the short-term, but the benefits were obvious in the aftermath of a disaster. Lesser damage to protected structures allowed for faster and cheaper repairs, allowing the rate of development to return to normal quickly. Purchasing insurance presents a similar trade-off. Premiums appear prohibitively large when there are no hazards on the radar, but having insurance pay out repair costs after an event is very helpful.I played the game twice. The first time, I ended up spending a lot of my resources on protection. Being extra conservative led to a slower development rate, and I lost in level 4. The second time, I spent more on purchasing insurance, and kept protection expenses down to a more sustainable level. However, a comet which had a very low probability of hitting ended up causing severe damage and once again I lost in level 4. I am not sure if I would do things differently if I play the game one more time. The main thing I learnt from playing the game was that there is no single obvious strategy in for risk management. The problem is best tackled over the long term, with simultaneous and coordinated efforts on multiple fronts being a better strategy than focusing on a particular aspect exclusively.The role of building community connections in the aftermath of a disaster was less obvious from the game. One would assume that community connections need to be built and strengthened continuously over time, not only after a disaster occurs. The link between the amount of time spent on researching a hazard with the amount of time available for building connections was also not clear. The more research done on a hazard, the more time was available to make community connections before the shock. This was presented as alternate way of preparing for incoming shocks to be preferred if the protection began to cost too much money. I thought that this aspect was somewhat simplistic in the game and not explained well. If tasked with developing a new version of the game, I would 
propose to allow for the building and strengthening of community ties throughout the game.