2332502

Reflections about the
game RiskHorizon0. Technical issues: There are relevant differences between
working the game with flasher player compared to Unity web player. This one was
accessible to me thanks to a link provided in the forum. The behavior between
diverse browsers has a conspicuous impact in the gamer’s performance and control
instruments. 1. I think this a good game to understand the interaction
between research, protection and insurance. The most relevant to me, in order
to reach the minimal 4th level is protection and the ability to keep an adequate
green speed in the gauge sensor of development.  The amount of capital and timing were critical
combined with a level of protection above 80%. Insurance in this game or at
least for the level 4th wasn’t very relevant.2. I played several times. My final and relatively successful
strategy was to increase as much protection, without jeopardizing the time to guarantee
an adequate level of welfare to Alora.  3. I would improve the knowledge (research), perhaps to
refine the buildings damaged based on the comet trajectory. The more research I
could focus the protection in one subzone.  The insurance aspect apparently is not
perceptible as relevant. I can purchase some insurance plan but when the impact
happens there is no visual reference to figures to compare the advantages of
the plan. I would add more time to prepare some strategy as parameters and
during the game learn, to adjust those parameters.  An addition to this game, perhaps beyond the scope this
point strictly related to knowledge, protection and insurance, is to introduce
some elements of sustainability. What are the actions or behaviors that are
more sustainable?  I read that in the game
there is a “mini game “, where some yellow dots? (I couldn’t see them) can be drag
and connected,  to express the linkage
between the community. This is perhaps a way to approach sustainability, but I
was not able to play with in this game.   In order to represent risk management that matter in the place
where I live, I would propose to use an example with one threat: flooding. My
house is especially vulnerable to flooding. In some cases has been inundated
and damaged the basement with a critical economic impact. Applying the three elements
exposed in this course:1. Knowledge. It’s very important to predict when is going
to rain heavily to keep ready all the provision. Those include an electric
generator because in many cases, when it rains associated with strong winds,
trees fall and disconnect the electric power. . A special training to people related
to our house and eventually neighbors, has been very useful to handle
adequately the power supply.  The sump
pumps require electricity if there is no power, no drainage possible.  2. Protection. I need to build some drainage system to guarantee
that water is no accumulated. Also clean leaves and other debris to avoid drainage
obstruction3. Insurance. Keep the insurance the clause of flooding is a relief
to pay the cost reparation for flooding. Another element to include beside the three mentioned in
this course is to include the contingency plan. This is very important because
in many cases to have eclectic scenarios improve the outcomes. In my case of
threat for flooding, I included as plan B to have a battery power pump in case
the main generator does not work poperly. 



















A final reflection about the risk elements is the need to
quantify them, in order to be able to
compare and predict outcomes based on models. The value of the investment in
research normally is neglected.