2338461

 

According to me the main crux of the game is to maintain
balance between development and risk. The more we develop the more damage cost
we need to bear. But the game has provided us with certain tools to deal with
this risk. There are three main tools to deal with the risk they are Research,
Protection and Insurance. The research tool helps us acquire the knowledge
about the comet and if the comet hits the planet we’ll have more time to
establish connections with our neighbors and reduce the damage. But every time
we do the research we’ll lose some money which will be our sunk cost as this
amount could be used in the development of the community. So how much research
to be done is the critical decision over here. We could choose the amount of
research to be done depending on the severity of the destruction indicated in
the severity meter and accordingly take the risk. Using research is similar to
acquiring knowledge so knowing more about the event will help us in dealing
with the risk better but it has a cost associated with it and the better risk management
is to establish an optimal balance in between them. The second tool is Protection
which is indicated on a meter to the right. If the severity of the comet
matches the meter reading then we could avoid the damage. But the problem here
is that each comet has a different level of severity and we couldn’t decrease
the level of protection after increasing it. And to increase the level of
protection we need to spend more money and by increasing the level of
protection more than required we are hindering the development.  So here we need to choose that level of
protection which can protect us from damages caused by maximum number of
comets. The third level of protection is Insurance which can be selected from
one of the three options available. The insurance will bear the cost of damage
but choosing the required amount of insurance is critical because by over
protecting we can hinder development and by under insuring we need to bear cost
on damaged caused. We need to have a balance among these three tools to protect
the community adequately so that development can go on. By doing research based
on severity can buy us extra time to take help from neighbors and as we know
the likelihood of that comet hitting us we could wary our strategy of
preventing from damage could be varied from one threat to another unlike other
two options where the level of protection or insurance ones set cannot be
changed from comet to comet. But by setting an adequate amount of insurance and
a particular level of protection depending on our prediction of damage can be
as useful as acquiring knowledge. 

I have played this game only ones and I over protected
myself by choosing maximum amount of insurance and by doing so I lost lot of
time and also I was not able to develop as there was not enough money available.
This strategy seemed good in first level as there was enough money and
insurance was also costing low. In my next attempt I will focus on research (which
I ignored in first attempt) by choosing optimal level of protection and
insurance.

If I
am allowed to add features then we could spend a huge amount in developing a
technology over different levels to shoot the comets as there should be permanent
solution to this problem.

 