2352147


1.  The role of risk management in the game was following · Mitigate the losses due to sudden shocks, as simulated in the form of comets in the game.· Understand that the certain risks are uncertain, simulated through the “chance of hit” of the comet. However, the more work is done through availability of advanced technological tools or warning systems, the damages due to risk can be reduced. This can be understood by the characteristic of the “research” function simulated in the Comet.· Severity of the Comet (Extent of “Shock”) is only one of the factor. The external and internal environment such as the “available wealth”, time to act to mitigate risks can greatly affect the outcome.· Risk management is also about possibility of opportunities, simulated through building pots and community linking in the game.· Role of risk management is to cumulatively prepare through knowledge (simulated through the 3 aspects of information about Comet – severity, chance of hit and research), protection (simulated through preparation by matching severity of comet with raising level of village) and insurance (simulated through buying insurance contracts for pot damage.) “Research
“element in the game can be thought of as information available about the “shock”.
· Highlight the coping mechanism of recovering from the losses and optimally utilising “available wealth.” This was simulated through various levels in the game. The next level of the game used the same available wealth as passed-over in the previous level.Balance is essential between adequate protection, knowledge and insurance. There is limitation in the amount of knowledge that will be available about Shock (Comet in the game) and uncertainty will always be present. Thus, trade-off between insurance and protection is crucial. The trade-off is dependent upon “internal and external environment” such as available wealth, and behavioural biases of choice and amount chosen for insurance.Preparation for risk through risk management tools helps in coping mechanism and also optimal utilisation of resources post-shock event (simulated through utilisation of “available wealth” that restricts building pots in case of insufficient wealth during the game.)

2. I tried to increase the Knowledge component of the risk management in my second attempt. The major learning from the game was that it was better to balance the trade-off between Protection and Insurance, once adequate information is derived through Knowledge. The sequence in some circumstances can follow as – acquire knowledge, obtain protection, obtain insurance as trade-off. Also learnt that risks cannot be fully avoided. Thus, insurance should be utilised as a tool to complement protection. This will maximise risk mitigation in circumstances of limited resources (limited available wealth in the game.)3.     The information about the Shock as used in the game (Comet) is precise and certain. However, the place where I live, we have conflicting opinion amongst experts regarding certainty and accuracy ofdata and conclusions derived therefrom. Thus, game could be made closer to real-life situations if uncertainty element is added to Knowledge, Protection,
and Insurance aspects of risk management. One suggestion is to add another tab in Comet information, which gives the uncertainty in the given data. The game
could then utilise the previous outcomes and inform player about how the player performed relatively when uncertainty was added compared to when information was certain. Balance is essential between adequate protection, knowledge and insurance. There is limitation in the amount of knowledge that will be available about Shock (Comet in the game) and uncertainty will always be present. Thus, trade-off between insurance and protection is crucial. However, the trade-off is dependent upon “internal and external environment” such as available wealth, behavioural biases such as choice and amount chosen for insurance.

