2357642

The role of the risk management in the game was essential.
The idea was to make the player find the best balance between risk management
techniques such as insurance, research and protection and at the same time develop
the community. The important thing I found was to be able to react fast and to
think in advance: I had to make sure to know what will be my next step after
the danger has passed. I found that it was pretty exhausting and challenging to
look after so many indexes when not knowing when the new risk will arrive. 

My strategy in the game was to get the highest insurance as
fast as possible. It cost too much to get the lowest insurance and then
increase it (as I was charged the whole price all the time).  Secondly, I tried to check the level of
protection to match the level of the most immediate danger as much as I could
and all my “free” time I spent on the research. Whenever I had enough money I
invested into development and built and upgraded my city. Also, after playing
and replaying it for a while I noticed that is very wise to save some resources
before entering a new level as it could be invested into insurance on the
higher level (as insurance had to be bought each time I leveled up). 

I believe that preparation affected development gradually. I
managed to invest into development after each comet stroke and I avoided the
danger. Though at first, I would try to invest into security (such as buying
insurance and getting protection) and just after that dedicated the rest of the
money to the development. With this strategy whatever I built stayed undamaged.
  

From the game I have learned: 1) to be alert of the dangers
all the time and react fast (to even have a next step I need to do in my mind);
2) think wisely about the resources I have, prioritizing the needs of safety first
and development after; 3) protect my city and develop after the danger has
passed. 

The thing I would like to change about the game would be to
be able to do research on all the dangers (comets) at the same time. I found
that it would be much safer to be researching all the planets but not just one
as situation was changing and new comets would be entering and I had to quite
researching the first one in order to react to fast approaching new comet. 