235785

The role of risk
management in the game was to reduce the possibility of loss due to the hitting
of comets and to maximize the possibility of gain through building and
upgrading of pods. Since the time is limited for each level in the game, I had
to strike a balance between doing research on the new comets and spending time
on building more pods for faster development.

Preparation of risk required both money and time. I had
to spend money for purchasing insurance. This is a necessary action because
without the coverage of insurance, I had to pay a lot more and spend a lot more
time for repairing my pods after being hit by comets. This will inevitably
hinder the development rate of Alora since the time allowed is limited for each
level, I have to reach a certain level in the development bar before I can
enter the next level. Therefore, even the immediate influence of buying
insurance will reduce the monetary resource I have at that time, overall speaking;
it will bring benefit to the long term development of Alora. Another risk
management action is to spend time doing research on the comets, it is
especially essential when the chance of hitting from the comet is high. Usually,
there are two or more comets coming in the way. Those gaining knowledge of one
comets means giving up the research possibility for the other comets. In this
situation, one has to weigh the consequence of not doing research on the comets
and make a decision quickly (before the comets hit)

Allocation of resource is also crucial. I have to reserve
some money for repairing pods after being hit. Thus, it is unwise to spend all
the money in developing and upgrading pods in the first place. If there is a
high risk of being hit, besides getting insurance, sufficient money is required
to act as a reserve for better recovery later on. Getting protection by
uplifting the floor is another way to reduce the damage made by the flooding,
however, it requires resources as well and thereby, one should think when the
most suitable situation for giving protection is.After the first time of playing, I learnt that it is
unwise to keep so much money. Instead, the money should be spent on building
pods and buying insurance. They will both help foster the growth of Alora.
Therefore, for the second time of playing, I keep on upgrading and developing
new pods. I first save enough money for purchasing 75% coverage insurance as
not enough coverage will lead to high rebuilding cost of the pods. In my
observation, the money you save from buying a less coverage insurance is a lot
less than the cost you need to pay for repairing afterwards.

All in all, instead of keeping most of the resources, resources
should be allocated to reduce the possible loss (ie. By buying insurance) and increasing
potential gain (ie. From developing new pods)I would introduce a
bank to the game. The reason behind is that development and risk management
require money. I can see that in reality, people from developing countries
often lack the money needed to implement better risk management system, say a
wide spread broadcasting system during typhoon, a more advanced technology that
will relief victims of natural disaster. The presence of a bank will allow a
state or an organization to borrow money to carry out the necessary risk
management project and reduce the potential loss from a disaster.