2358213

No1

In the game, risk management played a significant role
through strategically balancing between developing the community and preparing
for the potential risk. These  planning
and preparation was achieved through research, protection and insurance. The research
helped to learn more about the potential risk, the severity of the effect of the
risk, the chances that the risk will occur, if is low or high, the level of
hazard it might cause if it occurs, with that you will be able to determine if
you need to boost your protection against the risk and also get insurance. The
protection helped to prevent  or limit damage
if the risk occurs. Finally, if these risk occurs after research and protection,
and causes damage, the insurance will help the community to easily get back on
track by subsidizing the cost of repair to the damage caused by the disaster.

While playing the game, I decided to develop the community by
building more pods as fast as possible then secondly protecting the community
to at least the minimal level before the threats starts showing up, once the
threat starts appearing, I quickly started the research on each threat while
upgrading the pods  I was building and
also raising the protection level if it is not at per with the severity of the
threat been researched.

The trade-off I made was that I decided to protect my pods
if I have enough time than buying insurance, because I think it is more
beneficial to avoid the damage than buying insurance to subsidize the cost of
repair, but if during the research, I discover that the threat was moving fast
and I have got limited time to increase  my protection, I quickly buy insurance and
rush back to research more to aid in coping if the risk finally occur.

The preparation for the risk increased the development of
the community after sometime because, the community have gained knowledge about
the risk and have put measures to mitigate the effect of the risk by protecting
itself and buying insurance to minimise the cost of repair if the risk occurred
and also connect with each other if the risk occurs, this connection also
increases protection.

No2.

I played the game more than once and I decided to build,
develop, research once I see threat, protect the community from the knowledge I
gained in the research and buy insurance if my level of protection was lower
than the severity of the risk. I ignored the chances of the risk occurring because
even if it was only 1% chance to occur, sometimes it does occur despite the
less possibility, so I focused more on the severity while doing the research.
This helped me to protect the community and decide the amount of insurance to
purchase.

NO 3.

I would probably add the act of coping with the
damage after the risk have occurred because the 3 major factors of planning and
preparing(knowledge ,protection, insurance) for risk is already in the game
except coping with the damage