2388970

1.      In the game we are dealing with meteors, which is a natural calamity. The role of a wholesome risk management strategy is crucial in the game. its is a mix of several things. To begin
with, the risk in case cannot totally be averted. Its the way of nature and we need to prepare ourselves to minimize the impact and and keep the resources ready to cope with the impact soon after hit.  To prepare ourself we need Knowledge and  here it means
research. The more you invest in RD to study more about the phenomenon;
you can be better prepared for the calamity/risk. That if you learn more about
a pet, easier it to tame it. Now just having the knowledge doesn’t work. With
the knowledge we need to develop technology to minimize the damage due to the
calamity. Given all these there could still be some impact. Preparedness to
meet the risk is important and that is insurance. So that you are not caught on
your blind side when you lose your assets. And when grief strikes communities
can help each other in a very fast and effective manner. It is important to
have such connection established prior to any calamity.Risk management is a continuous activity, beginning from research, community mobilisation, technology building and then coping with the damage once hit with insurance.

2.      
I played more than once.  I did not pay much attention to the money I am
spending on protecting people. I didn't pay attention to have a balance of
insurance and protection. I would buy an insurance just before a meteor was
about to hit and left with no money to repair. When I played again, I would buy
an insurance well in advance, upgrade the pods to the extent possible and research
the meteors the maximum I can and then spend on protecting people. Less or more attention to any single aspect may make you pay a very heavy price. 

3.     Research for risk management goes deep into studying the past occurrence and degree of calamity, the behavioural response of people to it, the resources available and lacking for an evacuation or any other protective measure and to find solutions to it. diagnosis and cure are both required. Game could be more customised to include all these aspects. for example: there is an option to sensitize the community about a possible earthquake and train them on evacuation. If a player don't invest in that well in advance, people will deny to evacuate and he/she fail the level. Featuring animated images of real buildings or
people may help the players connect more to the field reality. For ex: there is option to build community shelters. there are school buildings where you can train children on evacuation hen there is an alert. or in case of a malaria hit village there are option for a player (villager) to invest prudentially in mosquito nets, saving, insurance etc and depending on the effectiveness and timeliness of the intervention player (villager) win or lose. The basic idea of the game/course is for development practitioners to have more clarity and idea about effective risk management, which becomes a key area in poverty alleviation ventures across globe. 