2390562

The game was 'innovation and creativity at its best'. The unique concept on which the game is based taking into account risk management is intellectually stimulating and allows a person to accept ideas and make fast conclusions. The game was an epitome of risk management principles and needed the player to make rapid decisions to avoid risk. The importance of time management to assess risks was also given a lot of importance in the entire process. The very fact that the player had to protect his buildings by increasing their altitude, getting insurance, improving its level and consecutively research on the comets as a measure to determine the risk they pose and clarify details shows the emphasis placed upon time management.There was a lot to tradeoff based on their importance at that particular instance. Sometimes the research done on the comet was too less or otherwise there was not enough development. A right balance had to be maintained. Realising the need at the moment and reacting based on that was very crucial. It does work the same way in reality as situation needs to be understood and right decision has to be taken.If I played the game again, I would be aware of all the various factors in the beginning and would waste much time getting the hang of it. Hnce my decisions will be taken faster and will turn out to be better. The major problem I was facing initially was to recognize the right time to take a particular action. That is what I will try to rectify if I play the game once more. It will definitely make a huge impact as strategic timing of actions is a basic need of risk management.A paid game would definitely do the trick of making it real time and bringing in actual risk factor where if a person loses, he loses the money he has invested and upon winning, a person earns extra money (which is actually a part of the money lost by those who could not win the game). This real time risk factor would trigger that sense of seriousness and panic which happens in any risky situation. That is what I missed in this version of the game because I knew that even if I lost the game, nothing would happen to me. To sum it up, the game was definitely very interesting and brought out core values in risk management to the fore.