2400890

The role of risk management was to understand how to protect an establishment while increasing the resilience for the future shocks. While managing the growth of Alora, I tried to establish the town to its full size in level 1 and while doing, researched the comets. Good side about researching is it doesn’t stop your development unlike protection which enabled me to reach to the required level way before the time stopped.  However, starting from level 2, I had to both spend money on insurance (75%) and protection. No matter what, the town strongly depended on insurance more than protection to continue developing. Again, I reached the cap before the stopwatch. In levels 3 and 4, I followed the same pattern with 75% insurance and unlike some comets hitting it, none were able to damage the town.

Insurance always saved my life and minimized amount of protection to the level where I hardly depended on it let me continue to the game with a decent flow of cash while researching the comets and enjoying the growth of the town. In level 5, I thought I was spending too much money on insurance as nothing had been able to damage the town before and I wanted to make a difference and bought an insurance plan of 50% and wanted to concentrate more on the growth of the town as I wanted to grow even faster than before. Well, that ended my growth as one comet hit the town hard and hindered my growth for good. It was too late to raise the protection to the right amount when it hit the town despite the amount of time spent on research it. So the end came.

Although I didn’t mention how I played the game in the first trial, I played the game 2 times and reached to level 5 at most. In the first trial, I worked more on the protection and minimized the amount of insurance and couldn’t even reach level 3. On the second try, I did the vice versa and reached level 5. I understood that even though personal protection is important and should be done, private help from the state/government/communities in means of insurance is a must to deal with large shocks and help the community to look to the future for continual growth in the game.

If I were to change one thing, I wouldn’t decrease the importance of protection that much. Protection shouldn’t change the level meter to red. It’s understandable that protection decreases the growth rate but so does insurance by spending money on something rather the growth. By spending on protection, by raising the hill, you, in a way, are opening up canals that would bring water which are need for the growth of crops as well as your town. The game, from my point of view, was underlining the importance of insurance more than the required amount. It is clear that insurance is important but I, kind of, came to realize that this game was all about the huge importance of insurance while paying little to nothing to personal protection. By balancing this scale between protection and insurance better, it would be more realistic for the game to capture the importance of insurance.