240886

The game of Risk Horizon could be named Development and Risk Management. The main target of this game is to make entities called pods and develop them to a desired degree in every level of the game. One can start the game with only focusing his budget and time on creating and developing the pods. This method of playing the game would not let you go to the next level until you can find that this game is not all about development but rather development and risk management.Once you learned that you should do something more than developing the pods you would focus on the shock that put this community in risk which are the waves. The waves are caused by comets.So as a real risk management situation we need knowledge of the main cause of the risk which are the comets. The research indicator on the comet is a symbol of the importance of this building block of risk management. Although the uncertainty remains until the comet hit or miss but with more knowledge we can decrease this uncertainty. The comets will hit or miss regardless of our efforts but we can be prepared for the consequences of the hit (which are the waves) by raising the island which improves the level of protection against the waves(shocks). The protection against the shocks should be relevant to the possibility and severity of them. So these two indicators in the comet let us choose and deploy the level of protection which we think is necessary and apt for the upcoming comet. On the other hand, insurance could be the other face of preparation. Like the real world different insurance regimes are available. One can choose between the minimum and maximum protection of insurance regarding his budget and circumstances. As you level up the value of your community, the frequency, possibility of hit and severity of comets is increased too so for this reason the cost of insurance would increase as well.Soon after the comet hits and the waves start you have to use your coping strategy to compensate and decrease the effect of the shock on the community. Again like the real world you have a little time to apply the strategies and the method of coping is simply the best model which is compensating the effects among the whole community.This game has many lessons in the topic of risk management and development but I can name the word balance as the most important one for myself. You have to do all the tasks related to the development of the community and at the same time you have to do all the tasks related to risk management and without any of them you can not succeed in this game. Solving this paradox needs BALANCE, which means when you found the perfect balance for utilizing your time, budget and resources between development and risk management you can win this game. Another apparent result is that the more developed you are, the more resources you should consider for risk management. For possible changes, I suggest presentation of a more dynamic external environment, a better relationship between preparation tasks and coping tasks, a financial analysis of different choices of protection (raising the island) insurance and etc at the end of the game to show the optimized combination of risk management and development.      .   