2423899

THE METEOR RISK 
Many times we are watching the sky and we are looking for lightning star to wish our dreams come true. Not always it´s like that, in the game I learned the chaos can happen in seconds. This game remembered me the interlinked components of risk management: Insurance, knoledge, coping and protection. Why? Because when we are dealing with the risk is important to considerer to act in time to avoid or dismiss the damage, also the economic resources must have administrate with accuracy. The game showed me that I need to transfer resources across people
and over time, from good to bad states of nature, understand shocks, internal and external conditions, and potential
outcomes, thus reducing uncertainty, recover from losses and make the most of benefits, reduce the probability and
size of losses and increase those of benefits to cover the population can be affected for the catastrophe. Also considering what risk management entails: that is, preparing for and coping with both adverse and positive events (Shock, external environment, Internal conditions and outcomes). Risks are costly, but so are the measures required to better prepare
for risks. After we apply the strategic actions and check if there are damages or impacts with people. There the game teach me the education about the risk management is fundamental  because if we know the appropriate steps to act, we only have minor impacts and we do not have to spend more money because we invested previously. social and economic systems help people’s risk management the state’s role goes beyond the narrow purpose of correcting market failures and extends to addressing systemic risks, building institutions that enhance  each component of risk management, and providing direct support to vulnerable populations. The international community can help governments
and countries that lack resources and capacity for risk management, because the impact of damages affect to all of us and our property, induvidual, community and worldwide. When we prevent in long term we have benefits not only in our purse or pocket, we can use the money in other activities like research or community business. We have the correct training in risk we can construct additional knowledge for individuals and future generations. The media and other communications tools help us to learn and teach to others to have prevented behavior.  Finally the game was fun and interactive way to learn the basic tools in risk management.