2424352

On
this game I learnt the basics of what risk management is made of. The
first step was to gather information, which meant to observe,
evaluate and decide what was the best way to proceed. Then,
protection became critical by being one step forward from volatile
environment. Finally, insurance is something you prefer to have and
not using, rather than needing but not having, just like condoms.
Insurance would be paying less money over a long period on time,
rather than paying a huge amount of money in case something bad
happens. On this game, what I normally did was to keep an eye on
every meteor to evaluate whether would impact earth or not. This was
a recursive action. What I think was the most important balance was
to upgrade each house while creating new ones, and increasing the
height of the land as well, trying not to spend more money to afford
observation to meteors. Insurance was a most, it was the first thing
I did every time I overcome a level. I reached level 3 because time
bit me very often, I could not figure out the way to keep growing on
time, I would say meteors weakened even though I increased the height
of the lands and kept creating new homes. If I had the chance to
suggest another item on risk management behavior, I would add a sort
of a “bank deposit” in which I had the chance to pass some money
into this account, increasing over time (lets say a minute) referring
to a “opportunity cost”, which at the end I would have more money
to repair any damage or build/upgrade more homes. I think another way
to evaluate risk management would be the amount of money you would
have on your account. I think I was proactive by always purchasing an
insurance every time I passed to another level, and continually
looked for meteors in order to prevent any dangerous impact.
Another
improvement I thought would be to add paths on each home in case a
meteor strikes, the same way we buy time by observing meteors but on
a long term, and more structure way by deciding where to build and
the strength for each path. Also, I would add “people” to live on
each house (lets say a family) in order to increase realism to foster
better decisions because this way we picture that there is people at
risk, which safety is in our hands. This improvement is related to
the other one for paths, which recreates the fact of designing high
reliable transportation and communication systems so government, ONG
and independent civil groups can work together to decrease negative
effects.
Nevertheless,
the game was very realistic and exposed the basics of risk management
by giving us the chance to decide accordingly to what we thought was
the best strategy. I normally play this kind of games on the internet
in which I have been able to learn how to prioritize medium and long
term benefits versus short term and “comfort zone” decisions.
In
conclusion, I think risk management is similar to what Steve Jobs
stated a few years before, “Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish”, which
means always stay open minded to new forms of protection and
insurance, and always keeping an eye on any kind of risks, wether
they come in disruptive technologies, systemic treats, etc. that may
harm your family or your business.