2425300

The risk management game does reflect the key point of risk
management, the allocation of resource. How much resource should be used to invest,
to prevent, or to buy insurance? Decision maker should balance resource to
optimize the overall growth of the community with uncertainty events which in
the game is the damage of the comets. In other words, you should make sure the
community develop well enough to meet the requirement of entering next level
meanwhile you should keep allocation resource to manage the risk, such as
raising the land or buy insurance.

I tried to play the games two times and at the first try, I
cannot survived at the third level. I find it is quite difficult to balance
all the aspects at the same time, knowledge, prevention, investment and
insurance. I believe many players, especially who are conservative may play the
game like me, bought a lot insurance at the very beginning, before doing research
of the future damage. As the insurance cannot carry on the next level, many
resources were wasted. Hence, I did some conclusion of the strategies at the
first try and adjust them at the second try. With some good luck, I make it at
the fourth level.

1.      
When lacking of knowledge, the decision maker’s
personality plays important role. I am so conservative that I bought a lot of
insurance, which were barely used so that my growth was very slow to reach the
goal. I feel the better performance at the second try was more time was spent
in reading the information of the comets. If severity levels are low or the
probability of hitting is small, I won’t allocate resource in insurance or
raising the land. 

2.      
Why not read the information of comet at
beginning and make decision basing on that? Because usually at the first time,
tasks (including building, reading, clicking etc.) seems overwhelming and you
can hardly realize the importance of reading the comet information. So it
reflects at the early stage of development of community, decision maker are
more likely to allocate the resource in the most direct task, like me building
the plot.

3.      
The information of comet will change when you do
research on it. I only did research on the comet with mediate levels of
severity and hitting probability. I believe to play the game in long term, the
importance of researches will increase.

However, risk management is about human behavior, such as
how to interpret the risk level or the probability of the uncertain events. In
other words, the information, at early stage of perspective may be not accurate.
If it possible, the information of comet may be very wrong at the beginning and
with the time of research, the information could turn to be more accurate. In
that case, the game may reflect the reality better.

 