2427310

Risk
management is the process of identifying risks, analyzing them to see which
ones are the most important, responding to the risks and then monitoring risks
throughout the game. When considering how to respond to risk, the first thing
that came to my mind was to think about ways to make sure that the risk event
does not happen.

The benefits of risk management in projects are huge. You can gain a lot if
you deal with uncertain events in a proactive manner. The result will be that
you minimise the impact of threats and seize the opportunities that occur. This
allows you to deliver your project on time, on budget and with the quality
results your project sponsor demands. 

Understanding the nature of a risk is a precondition for a good response.
Therefore take some time to have a closer look at individual risks and don't
jump to conclusions without knowing what a risk is about.

Risk analysis occurs at different levels. If you want to understand a risk
at an individual level it is most fruitful to think about the effects that it
has and the causes that can make it happen. Looking at the effects, one can
describe what effects take place immediately after a risk occurs and what
effects happen as a result of the primary effects or because time elapses. 

If you deal with threats you basically have three options, risk avoidance,
risk minimization and risk acceptance. 

Avoiding risks means you organise your project in such a way that you don't
encounter a risk anymore. The biggest category of responses are the ones to minimise
risks. You can try to prevent a risk occurring by influencing the causes or
decreasing the negative effects that could result. If you have carried out risk
analysis you will have plenty of opportunities to influence it. A final
response is to accept a risk. This is a good choice if the effects on the
project are minimal or the possibilities to influence it prove to be very
difficult, time consuming or relatively expensive. Just make sure that it is a
conscious choice to accept a certain risk.

Because,
risks are bad, you put a plan in place to make sure that the risk does not
occur.  The following choices are
applicable; 

Watch. In this approach, you look at the
risk and decided to do nothing. This is to confirm if the potential impact of
the risk is not substantial enough to require a risk response. Also, if the
negative impact of the risk is not worth the cost and effort required to manage
the risk. Monitor. Here, you don’t proactively
manage the risk, but monitor it. This is a good approach if the risk has been
identified as one that should be managed

Avoid. By avoiding the risk, the
condition causing the problem is eliminatedMove it. In some instances, the
responsibility for managing a risk can be transferred to a third party. For
instance, insurance greatly reduces the impact of risk.

Mitigate it. In most cases, this is the
approach to take. Mitigating the risk means that you put in place a set of
proactive steps to ensure that the risk does not occur, or, if the risk does
occur, to ensure the negative impact to the project is minimized. 

 

 

 

 

