244287

The game was a good risk management experience. The essence of the game is that you must face the contradictory stimuli: develop (build pods), study risks (click on the comets to see what you will face and research them to reduce the damage done) and "cope" (lift the platform and buy insurance). If you head to develop, you are risking every time a severe meteor strikes. If you head just to protect, you lose the level by not developing in time.So the trick is to take a reasonable risk and continue to develop just as long as you don't forsee something risky. Is there is something of that sort coming, you should invest in an insurance. If it is not so scary, just lift the platform. Insurance is better to buy at the start of the level. Pods should be upgdaded to similtanios levels (to reduce repair costs and loses). When you don't have the wealth to do anything, research (it's free). You should build when no threat is ahead, and elevate when there is. When the scale turns yellow, the best thing you should do is develop and research (you wont have the resource to do anything else).I've played the game for approx. 10 times and the last level I reached was 5. The stategies differed:Be risk-aware and lift the platform the best you can - you lose at higher levels due to developmentBe self-confident and buy no insurance - you will be quicker as the game goes on, but one serious damage will ruin the paceFocus on development - a series of little damages will slower you progress.The game seams well-balanced at all.I live on Russia, so the main change I would do is concerning the nature of risks. I see the main risk represented by the fluctuations of the laws and the following corruption in fulfilling them. The solution is to better forcast the tendences and to study who exectly you should bribe and at what stage (the later - the more expensive it would be). In the game I would implement this idea by saving half the research progress between levels toward the types of comets you have studied. So you will be better aware of what would be coming forth.Other changes I would imply:Present research by just another lever, the way the protection elevator is. Aim at the comet and research "actively" (instead of passive observation).Make the status color meter is more accurate: it should be less influenced then you press the protection lever and it should better forecast the lack of development pace when building podsThe game could integrated with Coursera through a single sign-on system not to memorize the passwords and retype them