2449408

The role of a risk manager is to mitigate the risks associated with the Comets (a source of disaster here) and also ensure that the healthy development takes place. There were several challenges in building the pods and forming a community free of any disaster. 1) Research: The time associated with research was very less (here) especially for disaster of high severity. But, it does reduce the damage level once the information is shared within the community. It proves to be very useful if the research time is long. It also saved lot of cash because information in terms of awareness was readily available. 2) Protection: It is always good to build an infrastructure that is resilient to any severe disaster, but at the same time one has to optimize the cost associated with building the community, investing in research and insurance. Protection is a first preference if the cash is made available readily.  3) Insurance: This tool proves to be very critical post disaster. It is important to have insurance to rebuild the community post disaster at the faster rate and also the cost associated with rebuilding the community is also low which makes it favorable to have it. Natural disasters are uncertain and irregular, so it is good to have insurance which covers more years and less cost. The game was structured such that you know when few time before the actual disaster which gives you some time to prepare for the hard time to come, which is not the case in real life. The game wants us to actually optimize your cost in research, protection and insurance. The practical experience shall give you the better idea of what to chose and what time. Some time you are just helpless and have to bear the community cost, but that also makes you prepared for the next upcoming challenge. One important thing i learned from this game is use your resources (especially finance) whenever they are available. Don't save money. Just use them for either protection, research, or upgrading the community. In my case, at some time i stopped building the community. I focused on upgrading the pods which gives high returns and it can be used to increase the protection and get it insured. Research is some thing that i didn't pay much attention because in the end what matters is your level of protection. The main aim was to make a community which has the best protection system towards the known calamity. Some of the changes that i suggest: Variable Insurance: You can decide which pods to be insured, and which to not. (Helps when you don't have enough funds). Area specific disaster: In real life, disaster might not affect the whole community, but the segment of it. If some of the disasters are introduced that are prone to only some region of the community, it would make it look like a real life risk management problem.   Investigation post disaster: Once you face the disaster, it is important to prepare the report about it's cause and suitable steps to be followed to prevent or mitigate risks associated with it next time. This might be a part of research work. 