2449913

1.      
The Risk Horizon was a game
illustrating the importance of strategies and risk management policies on a
healthy development. The very two key elements in this game were proven to be
preparations for disaster and the coping mechanisms. In terms of the
preparation part, time and resources played important roles. That is, certain
trade-offs had to be made in order to be prepared thoroughly. For instance,
Building plots and upgrading them would require financial resources. Also,
research was proven to be time-consuming but effective. Therefore sometimes
time had to be traded off for information which included important statistics
such as the severity of a disaster and the chance of its occurrence. As for the
coping mechanisms, insurance was a great strategy and given the limitation of
financial resources, the existence of a few insurance plans with variable costs
and remunerations would provide a smart choice for different situations and
resources. Risk preparation might have stalled the development process but
cautious and steady growth was preferable.

2.      
I played the game a few times, each
time gaining a better understanding of how to allocate my resources
effectively. For instance I learned about the existence of a margin. It would
appear that setting aside some resources would be immensely beneficial. For
example setting aside some financial resources was necessary for after-hit
coping and repairing. I also learned that research would eliminate either the
risk of the severity of a hit or the chance of its happening. But the most
important lesson for me was prioritizing my tasks and managing my resources.

3.      
If I were to redesign the game and
add one simple component I would probably add more ways of funding rather than
just timely increase of financial resources. In my country the risk of
earthquake is higher than flooding, therefore I would change the comets hitting
to the earth shaking. 

Overall the game focused on 4 key obstacles to Risk Management;
that is, Incentives, Information, Behaviors and Resources. The incentive for
the player of the game was well established by winning the levels. The
Information was the research element by clicking on the attacking comets and
getting information on the severity of the attack and the chance of its occurrence.
Behavioral obstacles were overconfidence that despite severity a low chance of occurrence
will not happen and short memory that there is so much time to react to it. And
lastly the resources were time and money which had to be managed properly.

