2452048

The game Risk Horizon is an effective game to establish a relation with a good risk management. In the game ,the job is to establish a community on a planet by building pods. Every time you build a pod some amount of cash is to be spent on the building process. Each time you establish a new pod ,the development bar on the left of the screen shows a progress in it. A facility of upgrading of the pods is also made available for the gamer. Now there is provided some twist in to the game, The colony is surrounded by water and falling asteroids. Each time an asteroid hit the water surface, a wave is generated causing damage to the already establish pods. To prevent the pods from getting destroyed several solutions are provided in the game. First solution is the insurance, that will help to cover the damage caused to the pods. It also helps to cover the loss in the development bar on the left at minimal cost. The second solution is protection, by lifting the area surrounding the pod using the button on the right most corner of the screen. By dragging the button in the upward direction the area can be lift up into  the air. The third solution is the research, in which a close watch on the trajectory of the asteroid is made to predict the chances of getting hit by that asteroid. Based on this research, insurance claims can be easily made. Also with an appropriate research use of protection technique can be efficiently be made.  The role of Risk management in the game was to identify the risk or possibility of getting hit by a asteroid. It also includes calculating the amount of impact being generated on hitting by that very asteroid. The choices that i made includes doing some research on the trajectory and impact of an asteroid. Based on that research insurance option is being taken by me and in the end appropriate protection plan or level is being taken to mitigate the after effect or damage caused by that asteroid. The things that i will do differently after the first time is to spend most of my time in research process so as to claim my insurance money on damaged pods.The research also helps me in establishing an appropriate protection percentage level. The newer version should be developed providing the facility of changing the protection level and the positions of the pod to easily cope with the damages caused by asteroids.  The changes that i would propose to better represent the risk management choices should include proper research facility to identify the upcoming risk and to generate proper risk mitigation strategies.