2457937

An amusing game can offer some profound insights into the
practices and difficulties of risk management in the economic development in countries
that are at risk of disasters. Several features stand out. Risk management is
the balancing of time and resources to mitigate the damage caused by opportunistic
behavior that is inherently dangerous. It’s necessary to prioritize by
determining what kinds of dangers are present. By assessing the range of
uncertainties and monitoring the danger, the risk manager can allocate
resources correctly. This increases the probability that a positive outcome
will result and allow a society to increase its economic output. 

There is always a risk in how one allocates available
resources. Deciding how and when resources are used becomes the deciding factor
in advancing in the game. The resources are time and money. It may seem to be a
simplification, but in life as well as the game, everything can be distilled
into these constraints. The game required that the player balance the amount of
money spent on economic development versus money spent to build flood protection
and money available for insurance. Time is divided between researching
disasters versus time spent building defenses. By achieving an optimum balance,
economic prosperity can be achieved as signified by advancing in the different
levels of the game. Money limits development, so if too much money is spent on defensive
measures, then that slows down development. If too much money is spent on
insurance, that also slows down development. Because development depends on reaching
certain dollar amounts before further development is possible, then spending
can affect development immediately. The best strategy in the game is usually to try to increase
development as much as possible and to increase development speed. One can't
lose focus on development. More development provides a greater economic cushion
in case of disaster. It also provides greater resources to provide for more defenses. A simple change to the game would be to use earthquakes as a disaster to reflect
the problems in California. With such a change, research might try to more
accurately predict earthquakes – although so far there has been little success.
Research in defensive features such as more stringent building codes as well
infrastructure that can survive a massive earthquake would be a more realistic
game play. Multiple disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, drought, and floods would
more realistically model Californian risks. In other countries, hurricanes,
tornadoes, tsunamis, volcanoes, and winter storms might be used. Fortunately
for our world, the dangers of asteroid collisions are probably rare.Although natural disasters are an important and cost effective type of risk that can be mitigated especially for the least developed societies, It is only one category of the myriad disasters that can befall a country. A large earthquake can destroy nations in a matter of hours. The Indonesian tsunami, the Haiti earthquake, the Sichuan earthquake are sudden and mind numbingly destructive, but the devastation from disease, famine, drought, war, can be more devastating. Because the effects can stretch over years, decades, generations, they frequently escape widespread publicity except when a TV show or newspaper decides to do a "thought" piece that highlights the problems. These problems are frequently intractable, not the least because they frequently have financial, political or ideological motivations as a root cause and so cannot be resolved by the installation of warning sirens. The economic damage can be even more far reaching than a sudden destructive force. Diseases such as malaria, AIDS, and ebola have devastated continents. The people are left weakened and unable to work. Life expectancy is drastically cut. Risk is widespread. Damage is universal and the need for solutions absolutely urgent.