2462274

Usman Chohan 
McGill University  World Bank Institute
Reflections [Words 420]:
The phrase that best captures the message of the game is: Balancing your development with protecting against comets is the key to success. There are several key principles which can be inferred from this simulation, and have been enumerated below:

1 – Spreading risk across units (pods) helps to mitigate the per unit damage. This principle of “connections” among stakeholders means that one damaged unit can spread its losses among other units so as to stay afloat in the case of an adverse development. Because you can have numerous pods on the map, and can click on them when the comet strikes, you can effectively spread the risk across numerous pods and reduce the per/unit impact of the comet.
2 – Anticipation of Future Risks is important in mitigating the impact of adverse events. In this simulation, looking over the horizon at the comets gives us advance knowledge of the comet before it hits, and it is important to gauge the severity of the comet before it lands. Know yourself, and know your enemy, and you will triumph in every battle, said Sun Tzu. This is why studying the severity of the comet is important, and also why higher research points against the comet allow for damage mitigation.
3 – Buying Insurance Buying insurance helps to reduce the repair costs of pods. Insurance is particularly useful if bought for the highest coverage (75%) as the insurance will apply to the repair costs of all damaged pods. This is why insurance is the best move to make in this simulation, in my opinion. In risk management in general as well, insurance tends to be one of the most astute decisions to take.
4 – Eggs in One Basket Tradeoff – It is worthwhile to build as many pods as possible, but it is also desirable to upgrade these pods. Both actions incur costs, and the player will often find a tradeoff, as I did. Therefore, I tried to find a balance between having upgraded pods and having more pods.
To do Differently: I played the game several times, and I ensured in later stages that I do not spend too much time “raising the ground level” but rather focus on “researching the comets”, this gave me additional time to spread risk once the comet hit and reduce the damage from this.
Modification to the Game: If I had to modify one aspect of the game, it would be the idea of “bumper risk”, the idea that, as comets do hit the ground, there should also be some “positive risk” of getting; 1) a new pod for free, 2) an upgrade of a pod for free, or 3) an upgrade of the level of ground, for free. I argue this because, as risk is both downside and upside, the game should also stress on upside risk.