24767



Question 1.

Role of risk management in the game:

The role of
risk management in the game was to sustain and grow the community of pods in
the face relentlessly threat of devastation by way of comets crashes. 

What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?

The
primary choices made were between research (knowledge) and insurance. Perhaps
because I did not any higher than level three, protection did not play a major
factor. Growing the community of pods faster certainly meant that there was
increase in the density of targets thus the need for more insurance.

In what ways did preparation for
risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The
preparation for risk, i.e. research, provided more knowledge in the form of
monetized resources. This “knowledge” enabled me to sustain and grow the
community aftershocks occurred (comet crashes). More research also gave me some
indication of how much protection (insurance) to purchase. Also, the issue of
upgrading the pods versus purchasing more insurance was tradeoff that was
interesting because why should upgrades be such an important issue..

Question
2.

If you played the game more than
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main
things you learned from the game?

I played the
game several times. I experimented with varying scenarios. One scenario that I
played involved avoiding purchasing insurance as opposed to another scenario
that involved purchasing lots of insurance. The more insurance bought based on
research, the more successful I was in getting to higher levels. This was true
up to a certain point as insurance became more and more expensive at the cost
of upgrading the pod community. I had difficulty understanding why I should
continue to build and upgrade the community which was under constant threat of
total destruction.

Question 3.

What change would you propose to
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

I would propose that the option to migrate out
the current scenario to another “place” and thus assume the risk consequences
associated with that migration. It doesn’t make much sense to remain in
situation where one is under constant threat of total destruction and unable to
improve the condition.