2479132

The role of risk-management in this game is very high. Virtual model of
the process in this game has high risks and opportunities. It is very important
to analyze situation at all, to collect information about all important risks
and develop preventive actions. Then it is very important to analyze how these actions
could influence on pod’s community and result of project.  There are several risks here – shocks by comets and low growth of pods. Risks:  Every
comet has short characteristics – severity, hitting.  The total recourses are limited. Every minute
we need to make a decision – how and when to spend money more effectively.  Preventive actions: I used knowledge, protection and insurance but my strategies changed.So it is
very important to reach balance between preparing for risk and investing in pods’
developing.  First attemptAt my first attempt I spent all my money on building and upgrading pods,
so I hadn’t free resources for protecting my pods. All my pods had been damaged,
game was over – my recourses were limited.   After first attempt I understood that I need invest in protection. Second attempt So in my next attempt I tried to spend money on preparation for comet’s
hit.  I bought full insurance, raised
protection at maximum bars, but this attempt was unsuccessful too – I hadn’t resources
for growth generated from the pods to proceed to the next level. Third attemptAt my third attempt I tried to find balance between risk preparation and
developing my pods. I built many pods at first level, collected knowledge for comets. If
there is a low severity (two bars) I used protection slider for protection. In
case of comets with high-level severity I bought insurance.    So I think that the best strategies
for this game are following: 1.  Try to upgrade the pods as
fast as it is possible; 2. Spend time for comet research, especially for the high severe strikes;
3.  Protection is also a key to
avoid the damage. I raised the level of protection and hold it until it matches
with the level of the severity of the comet.  
I like this game, thank you very much for it. I want
to add only one thing – history of my actions and some information – how my
actions (may be group of actions) influence to result of game.  































Sorry for mistakes, English language is not my native language.