2487304

The Risk Horizon game improved my knowledge about the role of risk management. I had to take on risks to pursue opportunities for development. I had
to use my resources effectively to build and upgrade my pods in time. I
constantly checked the chance of hit and severity of a comet to know how likely
that comet will hit my island. I had to be fully protected not to get
damaged when a comet hit. The more connections I made in a community, the more
protection I gathered. In terms of knowledge, protection and insurance I had to
decide how much time to spend on research and how much money and time to spend
to protect the island by using the protection slider and how costly insurance
plan to purchase. On the other hand, the more research I did, the more time I
had to make community connections before a shock hit. This showed another
aspect of risk management. Risk management requires shared action and shared
responsibility to boost protection level. Preparation for risk affects
development after some time because coming comets caused damage when the island
wasn’t protected enough. When you use too much resources for protection or too
much time for research there is lack of resources for developing pods. I considered
that when attempting to balance preparing for comets and developing island by
building and upgrading pods.   

After the first time I made different
choices about protection and insurance. I bought insurance plan which was
cheaper and used protection slider more to increase the amount of protection my
island had. I made sure that my protection meter matched the severity of a
comet that possibly hit the island. Then there was a very little possibility of
getting damaged and wasting money for repairing pods. I also used less time for
research about coming comets and developed my pods instead of it. I learned
from the game the importance of risk management and how to balance time between
knowledge, protection and insurance that were essential for development. I also
deepened my knowledge about risk management and the components of risk
management. In the process of risk managements I had to cope with effects. When
I didn’t protect my island enough I had to deal with damaged pods and find
money to repair them.  

To better represent the risk management
choices that matter in the place where I live (Estonia) I would improve insurance
component by adding opportunity to get cash transfers from the state or loan from
the bank. This would help in case of adverse circumstances when a player don't have enough wealth.