2545138

Risk Management is responsible for the avoidance and
prevention procedures and the procedures after impact. Because of the
preparations for impact (insurance and research), development was initially
postponed. The gain comes from a perspective of stability and although the
impact was obvious, the consequences were known and the procedure to follow was
very clear. Exactly the same is happen within real life. If you know very well
the procedures you have to follow, you cannot go wrong. Stability comes with
this knowledge in detail. After the first game, I did not understand very
clearly how much time should be spent on research to minimize the impact, then,
on a second attempt, things was easier. As a gaming experience, I will change
the research. I would create a safety zone allowing the destruction of
asteroids possible if you learn how to do it. Also, I introduce hazard because
you can never be prepared for what follows. Risk brings positive results that
can influence wellbeing and safety. When your base is impact resistant, and you
have insurance and a research center, you have a stability condition. Also
after research, hazard turns into risk, risk after learning turns into a  know-how item and you get a preventive
procedure. A prevented risk is a removed risk. 

People from my country take risk as a good thing and do not
use prevention as a tool to improve business or live. I mean most of them. So
the first thing to be done is teaching the population upon repeated exposure to
risk and what are the losses generated. In my country there are a lot of
smokers (60% of Adult Population). The only smoking campaigns target the
individual in the negative way. I mean "smokers dies young." Ok,
fair. But how about new messages: The clothes of a child raised in a smoker's
family smells bad and the child CAN be marginalized. Or "you smoke grocery
money", "surgery is cheap", "of course you CAN live with
one long". 

There are plenty of people in executive
positions who do not understand all the elements of prevention to be taken. I
worked 7 years in a natural gas distribution company. I have seen people welding
without mask, working on scaffolding without ropes or safety equipment, etc.. I
saw accidents too. I think more responsibility from employers to their
employees, would be benefic. For example one day we can celebrate "safety
at work" and the employee's family may be invited to observe how the
company minimizes the risk to the employee.My game code was 74Twg5w