2554117

1. Risk management was used in the game to mitigate the effect of a meteor crashing and damaging the pods in the game. This was achieved through knowledge (researching the meteors impact, and building up time to decrease its damage), protection and insurance. In the game all aspects require time of which only 3 minutes per level is available. A trade-off needs to be made made in terms of resources and time as to what apsect needs to be addressed first. Initially it is necessary to develop, in order to increase income, while at the same time deciding whether to insure or protect the pods from damage from the meteors. The damage from the meteors can also be reduced by researching them. If development occurs to quickly their is not enough protection for the pods due to lack of resources. However, if to much protection is provided, there is not enough time to gain knowledge about the meteors. Further, if the damage from meteors is only insured, the time taken to repair the pods greatly decrease the time available for development. By preparing for the risk, time was not required to repair the pods, more resources were available to develop the pods, and in the case of protection very little damage occurs to the pods.2. The first time I played the game I did not use protection adequately, and spent the majority of my time on research. This resulted in much of my time being spent on repairing the pods. The game taught me that their needs to be a balance between knowledge, protection and insurance in order to allow for development, and future growth.3. In the game it is possible to avoid any damage by providing high levels of protection, combined with research. The importance of insurance is understated, as in the majority of cases protection results in zero damage. In real situations this is not the case, insurance is required to cover options tht cannot be protected. A possible addition to the game would be to have protection, but only for certain pods, while other pods are still vulnerable to damage. This would more accurately represent real world situations where certain areas are more susceptable to damage from natural disasters than others.