2570769



In
my opinion the role of risk management in the game was to develop
the Alora community to the best of one’s ability while confronting falling comets (shocks) in the
development endeavor. The choices I made were I started the development of the
pods, then when the comets started coming I would increase protection to match
the severity of the shock. As I went further, with more developments and
upgrades, I got Insurance to mitigate the effects of the shocks produced by the
falling comets on the pods I had developed, in case there was a hit. In the
first level, raising the height of the area I had developed decreased the chances
of the comets hitting and destroying the pods but as I went on to the second,
third and forth levels, it was difficult to balance preparation with the shocks
and I had a couple of hits. I also did not understand how to create community
connections before the comets hit, as was stated in the rules of the game.

The first time I played, I invested
more time and resources on protection which cost me more. Subsequently, I tried
to research more, checking the severity and chances of hits, however, it was difficult
to interpret the results and act on them, I also got more insurance, that is,
the more developed the pods became I bought more insurance than the previous so
that incase I had damages, they would not cost too much resources to repair.
Along the line, I realized that, the notches on the research bar increased per
the number of times I clicked on the comets before they fell, and when they did
hit, I had the challenge of averting the severity of damage on the pods. I also
learnt that, the more upgrades I made on the pods, it increased my resources to
permit me make various choices like buying insurance, getting more protection
and doing much more development.

Having a chance to contribute to the
game I would work on the research aspect of the game and even place a button
for research on the game board. I would make research more explicit so that,
anyone playing would not only have knowledge of the shocks but be able to
filter it and make well informed decisions and choices, when balancing preparation
(knowledge, protection and insurance) and coping from the effects of shocks.

