2583147

Proper risk management simply means that you should strike a balance between the effort being put in the development and the resilience to unexpected events which may negatively affect the development. The resilience itself should be built based on knowledge to know how much protection is sufficient and how much insurance is required. By having the knowledge, you can judge the impact in case something bad happens and the chance of the occurrence, such that you can plan ahead to mitigate the risk. On top of that, community engagement also plays a vital role in the execution.The main things I learnt from the game are:  If you focus too much on development and disregarding the risk, you will pay for it when something bad happens (the development can be severely ruined without proper protection  insurance). However, if you focus too much on protection  insurance, you will miss the opportunity for growth (the speedy advancement of development).In summary, you have to gather the necessary knowledge on what's good for the development and the risks, plan ahead how fast you have to advance and strike a balance on building resilience(don't wait until something bad happens to you), flawless execution  community engagement are also key to success (because without the help and teamwork from the community, your plan may falter. Therefore, effective communication and support from the community are also required)If I were given a chance to improve the current version of the game, I would give additional details/data of how much return being generated by having additional pod vs upgrading the existing pod (and also how it affects the development bar). This is because without the data, it will be very difficult for the players to make informed decision on what's best for development, whether he/she should add more pod or to upgrade to achieve optimal development. This also greatly affects the final result because if the player can have greater rate of development at the beginning of the game, it will really help at the latter part since the player will have more resources to have a better protection and to advance in the development.Another thing which can be improved from this game is the knowledge gained by doing research on the meteors. The knowledge should stay and be accumulated with every meteors being observed. In the current game, it seems that the knowledge is just specific to each different meteors.