2610347

1.     
Acquisition of knowledge and strategic thinking
play a vital role in the management of risk in the game. It was imperative to
decide on developing the community and adequately protect the community from
potential shocks and damages which are unpredictable. In order to confront risk
and prepare for these risks, it was important to investment heavily in protective
measures in order to safeguard the community from shocks. In addition, there
were a number of obstacles which made strategy difficult such as time, resources,"quality of research/information gathered" etc but experience from
shocks brought about lessons in order to get back on the drawing board and
scale up by carrying out more research (risk analysis) which in the short and long
term improved risk management by purchasing insurance adequate enough for a somewhat
predictable shock(s), mitigate damages and rebuild the community at affordable
rates.

2.     
I played the game more than 10times yet failed
to progress to level 3 due to my internet bandwidth. I am a nursing mom and
have no access to alternatives. It was a frustrating game, yet I was resolute
but needed to progress to next phase of the week’s work.  The protection bar-levels refused to
understand the urgency of my time/resource constraints. I understood the key
principles of the game and got me strategically thinking about building a
community and protecting it from possible real-life threats thereby having
somewhat less damages. I had to balance my community development strategy with
adequate protective measures. Lessons learnt is resource and time management,
in most cases in real-life context multiple projects are carried out with key
milestones and balancing policies and activities in order to reach a goal in
which with or without shocks less damages are recorded and resources are adequately
managed and accountable.

3.     
As risk/project managers we are saddled with these
responsibilities, and part of the strategy is to research and acquire knowledge
adequate enough to understand eminent threats and shocks. I think I will change the
protection option from just pressing buttons from a never rising bar-level with real-life protection measures
sufficiently based on research findings (severity level) and level of community
development. It will behoove on the manager(s) to have the capacity of choosing
varied realistic options of safeguarding the community. This is due to possible
constraints managers will face while advocating and negotiating best protection
options to and with stakeholders/community involved. These constraints include fear of
change, behavioral and resistance from the community, resource and time constraints to mention a few. Varied protection options
could include from levels of importance equals to information gathered from
research level (severity level etc). Levels 1 - 6 options: educating/synthesizing the
community/stakeholders; collaborating with community associations; media; local
and national metrological centers; upgrading/building protective walls; (though
the game has upgrading yet comets were still prone to destruction) ensuring the
community have a sense of ownership of the project and understand the risk.
This will make the game more interactive and relate with real life situation. Others
include with some of the highlighted protection options will be ongoing throughout
the life cycle of community development, population growth, building health
facilities, improve on rescue procedures etc and this will change as levels of
the game progresses. I will also change the progress of levels. i.e. if a risk manager Wins Level 1, and Loses Level 2 they are not to restart the entire game, they are to pause and restrategize and restart only Level 2 and progress to other Levels if they win. 

