2616772

I begin this
short paper saying that I really enjoyed this little exercise that apparently
seemed like a pretty simple game and instead it turned out a real challenge.

In the game the
main role of risk manager is to decide how to balance the three components
provided to ensure the development of pods. Since I consider myself a
risk-averse individual I immediately opted for the maximum level of insurance
in order to have enough liquidity to rebuild everything in case of impact with the
asteroid. Then I split a part of my money equally between knowledge and
protection. I don’t know if that was a good choice because at the beginning of
the game, having spent a significant part of my money in insurance, I had to
start the development of the pods very slowly. Going forward, however, I still
managed to pass the first level. Then I increased the development of pods. In
general I initially spent heavily to prepare well the possible impact of the
asteroid more than to the massive growth of pods. 

I played the
game two times. On Monday I played the game only once and I failed the second
level due to too much damage as a result of an impact a few seconds from the
end of the timer. Today I played again focusing more on protection than the
first time and proceeding to the development of pods gradually. In this way I
actually got a better result. If I had played it a third time I think I would
lean more on knowledge and protection of choosing a cheaper insurance. In this
way I would have avoided spending a lot of money at one time being able to
better distribute the remaining dollars over the long term.

It is clear that
the three components of risk prevention proposed by the game are absolutely the
most important to be able to cope with a sudden and disastrous event; however
there are other components that were not considered such as the cooperation. I
live in the European Union and for us it is very important the cooperation of
the Member States in taking important decisions of different nature to help each
other. That’s way to improve the game I propose to introduce the possibility of
interacting with closer planets so that you can take international agreements
that may contribute to the collective growth and lower costs for the reduction
of risk. For example this could be achieved with the passage of information
gathered about the asteroids from one planet to another if the celestial body
could hit more planets.