2629349

After several attempts at the “game”, I began to wonder why
I was sitting there wasting valuable time which such and pointless activity.
While, it is not my expressed attempt to be negative or critical, I believe it to
be inevitable that it will be perceived in that light. Since negative comments,
even though accurate and true or based on personal opinion, usually elicit
negative responses, I am prepared for that to be reflected in my peer assessment
score.

 

While it might have been the MOOC professors sincere intent
to demonstrate the principles of risk management, discussed so far in this
course, using this game, I think it failed to do so. While it could be argued
that this game was intended to provide a simple example of risk management
techniques, I found it quite a pointless exercise. 

 

So far in this course, we have discussed many examples and
elements of the negative effects and consequences of poor or nonexistent risk
management, whether as a result of lack of information, failure to act and
prepare or because of the lack of available capital. When this situation
exists, the people easily become the victims of unexpected shocks with
devastating consequences almost always resulting in loss of lives and capital
assets.  Conversely, we also studied of
communities/states that have learned from past failures and have put into place
effective safeguards and shock “buffers” using effective risk management tools.
They often accomplish this by gathering and studying accurate data and also
pooling resources for the common good. While this often does not completely eliminate
the shock effects (short and long term), it goes a long way in lessening the
negative effects (such as the shelters in Bangladesh). Other communities have
learned to use risk management tools to provide future opportunities (Ethiopia –
Productive Safety Net Program).

 

Part of the failure of the game, in my opinion, is that it
failed to provide any opportunities for improvement and development. Rebuilding
houses after being hit by the comets were not growth opportunities, they were
simply methods to return to previous pre-shock levels. Further, I think the
game was overly simplified and polarized in its focus on capital expenditures
and the purchase of a single insurance product. It does not provide for any
other insuring mechanisms. 

It was also singularly focused on the loss of property, and
not the more important elements of loss of human lives and resources. These
elements are often non-renewable and irreplaceable. Should we have drawn from
inference that the destruction of those buildings also correlated with the loss
of human lives? There was no evidence of this, therefore could not be a logical
conclusion. 

This game is certainly not a good example or exercise in the
practices of effective risk management, since effective risk management usually
works to minimizing spending and available resources while also minimizing the
negative effects (short and long term) and reducing the future effects of the reoccurrence of a similar shock. 

To improve this game I would make it more inclusive of other
more realistic elements involved in shocks, and also increase the speed of the
game. I would have preferred a case study allowing us to design a recovery plan.