2631701

Game Relection ExerciseThe role of risk management was to demonstrate that
for every decision is made, it involves risks to assume. Risks are everywhere
and whether or not desirable to avoid, they can become in interesting
opportunities in order to improve aspects of our quotidian life. In the game, I
made choices of improve the protection of the planet against the meteorites so
I spend some money in order to increase it. I faced some interesting trade -
offs in terms of knowledge because I spent some time looking for information of
the meteorites and, unfortunately, I could not increase the planet’s protection
or upgrade buildings; insurance was other because of the money I spent. One way
that preparation affected development was when I picked up the insurance, I had
some doubts about buying it because the majority of meteorites failed to
impact, so I was buying a probability of being secured in case of an impact
that possibly would’ve never occurred, and with that money I invested in
insurance I could have upgraded buildings faster.I liked the game. For that reason I played the game more than once and when I tried it for the first time I get
only to level 1 because I focused on defense instead of upgrading buildings or
doing some research, so citizens disapproved my management. I finished level 5
on my third time and for getting that level I decided to increase defense only
when I felt citizens were happy with my resources’ management. The main things
I learned for the game are that, unfortunately, citizens really don’t care too
much about safety and prevention and it really can cost you popularity and
authorities that are concerned by popularity will prefer not to invest in
prevention and we can see some examples in Latin American, Asian and African
countries that by not being prepared to prevent risk systematic. Another thing
I learned was the importance of acquiring insurance in case of a collision
because it helps to get some resources in order to reconstruct infrastructure.



Finally, If
I had the opportunity to participate in a new version of the game, I will try to
add social conflicts such as emigration and diseases because those issues are
very common in non-developed countries. Also I will insert topics such as sustainable
development and the option to interact with organisms such as UN in order to complete
missions and reach goals such as millennium goals.