2641719

The whole game was about risk management . So if I was just trying to play a "game", then I was always losing . But when I was thinking about things from the game like they are in our real world , it became easier and more clear to play . My first rule was to buy the most protective insurance (covering 75 % of damage price ) , then I was trying to protect myself from the waves , but also if my protection was enough against the comets I saw on the screen , then I wasn't going further in most cases . Of course, I was trying to know more about damages of comet to make sure that my protection is enough.The most annoying thing was that when I was trying to develop my "buildings" it was happening after some time, sometimes even 30 seconds,which is too much for a game that lasts 2 and a half minutes.First time when I played this game , I have bought only one buiding, because I haven't looked through the tutorial, but then I have known that when you have more of them, your score is increasing faster . So after that I was buying more ships at once , for example 3 , as I usually did after that . From this game I have learned that risk management is really very difficult and very important in real life. I have learned that when you have no insurance or another kind of protection , then even simple things will upset your routine life. You have to be ready for all of the challenges of life and be confident about your tomorrow and about your and your family's safety in future .If I was supposed to change something in this game or to add new features, I'd add "Help from State". Because , as I know , in many cases , in many countries , the first who helps people to get back to their normal lives after natural disasters , wars is State. For example , in my homecoutry , in Azerbaijan , there are many people suffered from Karabakh war and State gave them temporary places to live and then built new houses for them and gave this flats and houses them for permanent use. Also if I'd have a chance to change something in this game , I'd make it a bit more light (I don't mean difficulty) for computer .So many times it was hard just to press buttons because computer was like frozen . Nevertheless , the game was very complicated in itself and the program's hanging was making it not easier actually . But in overall , the game was interesting and taught me things that I didn't understand clearly . I knew about all this things about risk management , but I didn't understand the importance of it . Thanks for attention ! Have a nice day !Regards , Nigar Movsumova.