2647177

The game was a wonderful exercise on the applied aspects of key
components of risk management. With the game exercise, concepts learnt in the sessions
(theory) so far are deeply seated in my mind. 

Risk management has two goals, a) to build resilience which
aims at enhancing people’s ability to recover from negative shocks, and b) to
build prosperity which incorporates people’s response to positive change.   The game
includes both the goals. The damage caused by comets attack and community
efforts in coping is a reflection of the same. 

One of the obstacles in preparation is lack of resources or
lack of information. Knowledge, protection and insurance helps in preparing in
advance. And coping can be a community effort. With the available resources,
the game made me strike a judicious mix of expenses on research, and protection.
I had spent on research keeping in mind severity and chances of attack of
comets along with reserving fund for insurance. The game required strategic agility
and tested ability to strike a balance between preparedness and coping with limited
resources as well. The preparedness for risk aided in countering damage to pods
(but this I could understand in my second attempt).

In my later attempts, I could understand community
development acted as a major source of protection and hence I could reserve
funds on upgrading pods (some) and insurance. But repair for upgraded pods was
a costly affair. Hence research and insurance were more suitable.  

Risk has uncertainity associated with it. At times even despite
prior knowledge (comet attack), and protection, damage (to pods) can happen. At
that time insurance and working jointly i.e. the community network helps in
coping. 

With reference to my area, prior knowledge and protection with
instinct to act (behavioral) is needed as despite evident signs of risk, procrastination
or indifference is the first approach.  In case of negative shocks, community network
and efforts from state would be need of the hour.   

 

 