2655337

            Keeping
in mind the constraints of limited time, resources, and human capital (myself);
the role of the risk management was allocating my efforts among research, protection,
and insurance. As I played the game, the major trade offs was between the
research and protection then the insurance came the last. From my point of the
view, the preparation wasn't only within the game itself, but also reading the
instructions of the game and playing one tutorial considered as preparation for the game. From my perspective, the preparation paid off in
later levels in which enough Alora should be established to generate more
money, minimum protection should be available to cope and confront the risk of
shocks. 
If only I had one chance, I would conduct these steps:
1. Reading the instructions more than once, which representing the knowledge
2. Play the tutorial till I master the game.
3. Read FAQ, which I didnt read
Well, if I had another the chance to play it again; things might work out differently;
1. Get a better mouse for my laptop :) J which is I think one of the external factors that didn’t I pay
much attention to.
2. I am not only going to spend less in the building my community in the first level, but also I
will concentrate more in the research since it is the helm of the ship, to acquire experience and knowledge about the risk exposures before the gets harder  


Things I learnt from game can be summarized as follows:1.
Research is the vital part. If the risk management were ship, the research would
be the helm of the ship that steer the protection  insurance. 

2. Human Capital should be considered, which was the
qualities and skills that are required to understand the game –language skills
and using the computer properly. 

3. Get the most out of the previous experience. Deep
Uncertainty was an obstacle that I dealt with by playing the game more than
once. 

4. Human Incentive for risk management, as I kept playing
the game until I pass Level 4 to get the 10% to strengthen my odds to get the
certificate of achievement for the course. Even though I have the skills and
the required tools to pass the game, however without the incentives I wouldn't do
so.


To capture other aspects of risk management, I am suggesting the following to
upgrade the game:
1. External factors should be added to deviate the player from achieving
his/her goal easily. For instance, loud music, freezing the mouse for few
seconds as the shocks hit…etc
2. Special features should be added in the game to test the skills of the
players. For Instance using multiple keys at once- that would be representing
the human capital- to confront the risk with more skills and capabilities.
3- Instead of communicating with community of Alora in the game to reduce severity
of the shocks; playing with other team members could be more closer to the
reality. In other words, team player rather than single player.