2669162

1.

The role of risk management in the game is to develop and
protect the Alora. Develop the Alora by the means of making as many of the
Alora to make sure the development bar will be kept going up and going to next
level. To protect the Alora from attack of wave shock created by the comets. We
have to upgrade the Alora for higher level in order to produce higher development
bar and use the money created from the Alora development to create protection against
the wave by create a higher island level. Moreover, we can buy the insurance
from the money created. Different sort of insurance will have different
protection against the Alora, for instance higher cost will have better
insurance coverage against the damage and vice versa. The comets hitting to
earth is the disaster faced by Alora and we have to gain knowledge in the comets
types like their probability of hitting, damage level they can cause. Immediate
preparation of preventing the damage caused are like buying insurance for the damage
coverage, whilst longer preparation are like creating higher island level and
getting more knowledge on the comets hitting. 

2.

The first time playing might be busy creating and upgrading
the Alora to get higher development level. In the subsequent playing times, I understand
by creating higher level of island will help to get better protection against
the wave shock but also slow down the development bar, hence it has to be in a
balance between the development level and creating higher island. The other way
to do it is by comet research, because it is important as it can gain preparation
on protection of Alora from the wave shock. Buying the correct insurance is
also good in protecting the Alora development for instant when you have more
money, you can buy higher insurance level as your investment on Alora are
higher and need more protection when disaster like wave shock happens.

 

3.

The place I live is basically free from nature disaster such
as earthquake and typhoon. There is no emphasis on insurance coverage against the
earthquake and typhoon. Hence, the more effective way or realistic way is gain
more knowledge on the disaster like earthquake and typhoon. The local authority
can have research or collaboration with the neighbour in larger region as the
detection on the earthquake and typhoon will be  more effective.

 