2674064

From this game, I think the role of risk management is to
balance the build of the planet, avoidance of hit, and to the insurance with
limit capital.  

As the video talked in week2, we can use knowledge,
insurance, and protection to lower the damage of the risk before it happens.
This game reflects these factors so well. During the game, I gain knowledge
about the severity, change of hit of the milestone; also I can buy insurance at some cost for different levels to
protect my community; last, the protection can also be applied by click the
right corner to increase the horizon to avoid the hit.

Personally, what I usually do in the four levels is to build
the planet first, then use the time period to “research” to lower the case of
being hit, then quickly to increase the protect level by click the right
corner.  I bought the insurance at the
beginning, the level will be according
to the money I have currently, so that the damage will be limited. 

At first level, I always got hit, but because I had
insurance, so I do not need to spend lots of money to repair that. And also,
with the level increase, it needs my reaction more and more quickly, otherwise
the hit will happens and destroy the
community.

I played twice; I did only one thing in the first try, like
only research, or only build the planet; and at second time, I did things
simultaneously, so the result was better. In my second try, I almost get no hit or no damaged, which means the
protection works. And to the end I tried to buy no insurance just for
experiment, and then I found as long as I had an enough horizon and research,
the community would be no damage even got hit.

The main things I learned from the game is that to protect
something against risk, the better way is to build a system, which means, not
only depends on one method, but to build the warning system in many ways at
same time, so that the loss will be minimum, for example, to combine the
insurance and protection together, meanwhile build the predict and warning
system. Also, we cannot ignore the low possibility risk, because it still may
happen and cause bad result.

If I have a chance to modify something, I may add a “live”
character, like a human being, who can help to do the things, but the player
have to spend time to set the action of the character advanced.