2675901

Role of risk management in the gamein this game the risk assessment management was essential in fact it was mainly the purpose
of the game. Acquiring knowledge through asteriods observation was indeed the
best way the fastly increase the wealth level for your society. The fact you can only do one action at the time obliged you to make choices on the given time.Choices and trade-offs in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance Indeed the obvious choices was to acquire knowledge through asteroids to be able to make educated decisions. To be able to develop the construction one of the first step was the protection through the lanscape elevation against the floods. In the end, the insurance subscription only worth it when the construction value is important enough to not want reconstructng or reparing at full price after damaging.Preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?Good Preparation for risk is the best way to protect assets. In the game given the possible choices, every decisions made take over the previous one because you can only accomplish one action at the time. Knowledge is the best weapon to advance in the gameand reach the objectives.What did you do differently after the first time?On the first try, the game was setup in such way it was harsh to reach the third level. At the second try, the parameters were obviously change allowing an easier progression.On the second try, I found out my first guess was the right one because the best way to increase weaith was through knowledge with asteroids observation and in the second hand with construction.Protection is essentialonce you have started constructing the first households for protecting from floods.Insurance is requiered only once the construction have reached a certain value making it relevant not to want to restart from scratch in case of damages.What were the main things you learned from the game?Risk management covers different aspects where many variables have to be taken into account. The game allows to see and apprehand in a tiny scale the relation between causes and effects in the real world for every decision taken regarding the risk management.What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?The natural disaster treated in the game is floods aside from the asteroids impact (possible but still rare and unlikely).A possible change to add to the game would be to me a sewer system development to deal witjh the floods evacuation as the after effect of the disaster. The development level would have directly impact the lenght of the damage on the construction. It would give a choice between insurance and investment on the long term for an other aspect of risk management.To conclude, the game grasp the core of risk management through the interaction between the different variables that result in the end to prove a successful or failed risk management policy.