2688705

The game really helps understand the concept of risk management and how an effective risk management can help you achieve your ultimate goal. It is made evident that knowledge about comets, their impact and chance of hitting was essential to keep on developing towards the needed score. Knowledge of comets made it possible to prepare for its impact accordingly. Whenever there was a moderate chance of hitting or moderate damage, I would invest money on protection for two reasons; one reason is that protection level stays the same in case the comet misses, so any money invested in protection will be used in the future and second reason is that even if the meteor hits, the impact will be less and only one level of security is lost. However, when the severity of the crush impact was high I would invest on high insurance since investing money on protection might not be as effective as the 75% return of insurance.
I played the game twice, so the second time I did some things differently. First of all, I always made sure to have enough money for the highest level of insurance. Even if i had money to upgrade my land or higher the protection level, I would keep the minimum insurance money in case there was a comet with high severity that would make a crush unavoidable. Then I would buy an insurance to protect my income. Secondly, I would try to upgrade my water producers as soon as possible instead of building new small ones, in case of a comet hit I would only have to repair a few. The main things I learned from the game is that there must be a balance between money invested for growth, protection and insurance. Overspending money on insurance that I could avoid by just raising my protection level was a valuable lesson. Another important lesson was that sometimes it is acceptable to take some damage on insured property than overprotecting.
If I was to make a new version of the game, I would definitely add the option of "black swan". A Black swan is an unavoidable event that could not be predicted. Knowledge of comets is fine but sometimes knowledge cannot cover everything. For example, say that we research a comet and it's impact is low and chance of hitting is low, so one does not buy insurance and invests on protection. Then it turns out that the impact of the comet was far greater that no one could predict because knowledge has its limits. Then the consequences would be severe and our income will suffer great loss. I think that option would make "gamers" a bit more alert and to keep in mind that not everything can be controlled but being always prepared can mitigate the effects of a disaster.