2698239

Risk
Horizon

I have played
the Risk Horizon game 4-5 times, and completed the 4-th level at best. I found
the game fun and quite challenging. Here are my reflections on my choices and the
role of risk management in the game, lessons learned and suggestions for
improvements.

My choices
and risk management

In the game
I probably was to risk averse, spending lots of effort and resources on keeping
my island safe, at the expense of growth and game success. In the first rounds
I definitely was over-protective, but eventually I found it more rewarding to ease
the protection a bit. In order to be more successful in the game I probably
should have prioritized growth and progress even more, and safety less.

Lessons
learned 

Generally I
think that the insurance premiums I paid in the game probably were too high,
since I had generally not so much use for them. I probably would have been
better off buying a smaller insurance (30% instead of 75%), and spend the
savings on development instead.

In the game
I also found that there was a great reward in research, especially when the asteroids
were very dangerous and with high probability to hit. Hence I was putting some more
effort in research in dangerous asteroids in my later rounds of the game than
in the beginning. If I were to play the game again, I probably would have
prioritized research even more.

Suggestions
for improvements

Here in
Sweden, the risks of natural disasters are generally quite low. Yes, we have regularly
problems with floods and storms, but compared with other parts of the world we
are very blessed. However there are of course other vulnerabilities in the Swedish
society, maybe especially risks related to financial shocks but also pandemics and
stresses on the society by migrations flows, anti-democratic movements and
possibly also terrorism. These issues are generally more complex than natural
disasters, and probably not as easy to simulate. It would be really interesting
with a simulator on the financial risks following a long period with exceptionally
low interest rates and a high probability of asset bubbles.

