2701365

The role of Risk Horizon game is to enhance approaches dealing with risk and promote the management aspect during a crisis scenario. During the game, I had to make choices based on the tutorial I played, to which I needed a balance approach in playing each level of the game. At the start of each level, there will be a brief on what types of comets and the level of protection needed to ensure survival. I proceed the game with balance approach with the emphasis to purchase insurance followed by building pods to create a stable wealth income which ensure I am able to purchase protection for the colony. Plus in between the routine, I observe when a comet or a group of comets appear in order to research each comet to gain knowledge which will aid in my pod community connectivity to reduce damage. The trade-offs, I had to make was delegating individual comets base on speed, severe damage, chances of hitting and the time to accomplish the research. The way each level hinder my ability to developed the pod colony was the interruption of a comet. This would place my ability to develop the colony at a back burner and the wealth to be use in upgrading my pods had to be allocated towards the preparation for risk affect.I played the game a couple of times as, I learn to cope with each disaster via trial and error. In the beginning I would place to much effort on research and neglect by balancing of protection along with purchasing minimum insurance. After the first-time, I begin to realize its not how much research or pods I build ensure my survival but its how I balance my development, protection, and insurance to ensure my colony thrives. I would minimize my pods to 2 or 3 in the early stages, purchase a high value insurance, and try to increase protection between intervals of researching comets. Then I would upgrade my pods and expand more pods while continuing my protection between comet strikes. I would check each comet to make sure I research the most severe ones from the less lethal ones. When I do receive a damage, I will keep connecting with my pods in order to reduce the damage and once the pause is lifted, I would repair my pods in order to prepare for future risk affect. The main things I learn from the game are never place too much effort on one criteria but to diversify risk management with multiple resources. The need to generate wealth is essential but each acquiring of wealth equals to the need to gain protection and having insurance to ensure each interuption would be insured during the repairing phase. Research is key in understanding the risk affect when I need to ensure connectivity among the community to reduce damage and speed up recovery. Thus the essential lesson is a balance approach in preparation for risk affect. After reflecting on playing the game, I would add the comet technology which will partially reduce the severity or destroy the comet by firing a high powered laser in the new version of the game. The reasoning is by researching I can understand the problem and also have the ability in solving the problem. This matters to me due to my proximity to volcanoes, earthquakes, typhoon/cyclones, tsunamis, and forest fires in Southeast Asia. The research of new building materials and evacuation plans need to be implemented and just like the game; implementing new technologies is the solution after a long research for any risk management option. 