2730565

1. As in any venture Governmental, NGO or private, managers have to access resources, risk and reward to create the best environment. This does not always mean aiming for the highest potential as if the risks are too high then a lower level of survival may be preferable to a one in million success... In this case the risk management aspect was to grow the community whist also protecting it. The insurance aspect and raising the land height to preserve the growing community are comparable to real life situations... one could imagine that instead of comets we are raising the land against it is a neighbouring country we are raising an army against or a Tsunami we are raising a wall against, on the insurance side, it is to make comparisons with insuring a crop against bad weather...In this case growing the community has been simplified to building shelters but in real life managers will have to choose between investing in housing, schooling, infrastructures like roads, clean water and electricity...To 'win' this game I realised that there would have to be trade offs, there is a time factor in which you need to have grown the community to an 'acceptable' size but if you do not take care of the community it may well get destroyed and then you are worse off than you started...2. In the first iteration I went heavily on the insurance up front and raised the island as much as possible... but never even got close to reaching the necessary development goals, each successive iteration I did more development at the start, although I never quite got the understanding of whether I was using the insurance correctly and each iteration played to differently for me to get a real feel for the game play...3. To make one change? If I could make one change it would be in the development, construction choices... image SimCity (if you are old enough or what ever the modern equivalent is... by creating and building/buying the right infrastructure your habitats could be become more defensive or more capable of earning money or more capable of resisting damage or with heavy investment in education for example more capable of coming up with 'brain waves' to solve the problems...In fact having written this (and still having another 200 words to write) if i had to make one change I would like to team this with a Sim City style game. Wouldn't it be fantastic to have the opportunity to build your own city/country including infrastructure but to then also have it subject to real life problems/disasters/social shocks and see how your soloution and fore-thinking cope. It could even be set within different times, geographical locations and economic settings! Maybe this is already out there, if it is please post the name in the comments section of the marking, where it says to write the one thing that you think would make this reflection better!