2732276

Using risk management as a guide in the game played a great role in guiding my decisions when I played the game. In the first instance, the game is set up in such a way that it is prone to disasters which present a situation in which one has to apply the knowledge acquired during the first when playing the game. Building puds, buying insurance and also increasing the level of your community when playing the game are strategies which does not only prevent your community from disasters but in present a situation in which can simply recover from it if its occur. for instance, if you buy insurance when playing the game, in instances when you are hit you can easily use the insurance you bought to help you recover for from the hit. And as we where told during the start of the putting measures in place in order to recover form a disaster is a proactive way to manage risk.I was to play the game for the second time the first thing I will do is to increase the strength of my puds to help build more effective protective mechanism in place to not only protect my community but to reduce the causalities when it occurs. As it is specified in the note, one of the reason why risk management is important is as a result of the fact that it helps to protect people and properties from disasters and also hazards. This is because, with a proactive risk management strategy like information sharing, building standard structures as it was in the case of Bangladesh or Chili, properties and lives will be protected during and after disasters.  One of the changes I will add to the in order to provide a more effective risk management strategy is to create more space for puds to be built and also increase the the amount of insurance one can buy when playing the game. Increasing the strength of structures has a lot to do with time one can spend in playing the game. This is because of the fact that when hit by the rocks, the stronger the puds are the more your community can be protected from the impact of the hit. Also, ensuring that more space is created for a player to buy an insurance that  cost like $100 will also help in recovering after you are hit which will reduce the cost involve in the entire process.  