2736366

Risk
Horizon - Reflections

The Role of Risk
Management

Within the game the objective of risk management is to
maximise the development opportunities for the world of Alora by lessening the
severity of damage done due to the inevitable comets. The role of risk
management here is to make choices and invest in strategies that achieve this objective.

Choices  Trade-Offs

The main choice to be made is really how to best balance
time and resources put directly into promoting development with those put into risk
preparation. Focussing solely on just one of these aspects of the game would
leave the community very vulnerable to damage and suffering.

My initial strategy was to focus on long-term protection and
raising the level of the island. This was expensive and time consuming,
particularly at higher level of protection that was more often than not unnecessary.
This was however a much more valuable tool to manage less severe threats once
resources were more readily available later in the game.

All three of the preparation tools were highly complementary.
The use of insurance was expensive only relative to the level of existing
development. I believe it was best used as a back-up in the event of a severe
shock. Often, the lower levels of insurance were better value so more resources
could be put into development.

Utilising research (knowledge) to reduce the threat turned
out to be a very worthwhile investment as it was more about time than money.
Building community links and resilience was quite effective particularly when
the community was less developed and resources were very limited. This appears
similar to the simple and effective strategy of cyclone warnings in Bangladesh
mentioned in the lectures and WDR.

Adjusting the balance between the alternative options to best
represent the characteristics of the threat was very important. Taking into
account the severity and likelihood of each threat meant no more than the
necessary amount of money was used for preparation, freeing up resources for
development. There are always uncertainties and investing in protection for
extreme and rare shocks in the game and real life may be uneconomic, particularly
when there are few resources available.

The Effect of
Preparation on Development  Lessons from Attempts

Preparation consisted of a combination of protection,
insurance and research. All three strategies resulted in better outcomes than
inaction. Protection and research were able to reduce the immediate damage done
whilst insurance reduced the cost of repair. This was the case immediately and
over the long term. Reducing the immediate and short-term damage done had an
exponential effect on the long term level of development as it allowed
resources to continue to go into development rather than repairs.

I attempted the game several times. The main adjustment I
made to my strategy was to focus more on development which in turn provided
more resources to invest in both preparation and further development. This
appeared to create a self-perpetuating cycle which made the game objectives a
lot easier to achieve and I think acts as a good lesson for real world
development.

Game Improvement

My suggestion would be to remove the necessary target on
each level and replace it with a list of high scores for that user. I believe
that this would better reflect the aim of the game which is to teach the
concepts and challenges of risk management for development and for people to
understand the way the different tools can interact and complement each other.
This way the user could hone their skills in a progressive way whilst improving
their understanding of the subject.