2737151

          Despite the
lack of certainty concerning the future damages the comets would cause, risk
management provided preparation tools such as knowledge( through research),
insurance and protection and a way to cope with the disaster when it occurred
through community connections.  Risk
Management stood as:

·        
A
mean of minimizing the negative effects of the shocks

·        
A
way of fostering prosperity through the development of pods with the main
resources available:          Time and Money.

In the game, everything happened for
me as a flash and of course it was impossible to do everything at a time so the
trade-offs were inevitable.  I chose to
emphasize protection and community awareness especially when the severity of
the comets was very high. The fear of future damage kept me from investing
enough resources on development. 

         Through the
game I understood how complex risk management really is and the pressures one
could be exposed to be it voluntarily or not. Not all risks are evitable and no
science can predict the future with perfect accuracy but this shouldn’t stop us from exploiting opportunities and prepare for future risks today. I had knowledge, I knew
the severity and chances of hit of every comets but I was not 100% sure of the
intensity of the damage they would cause once they hit. While imagining this in a real life
scene I understood we are all struggling with uncertainty; but applying good
risk management practices( Knowledge, cost-benefits analysis, insurance,
protection, coping) can lead to sustainable development.

I played
several times and for each attempt I tried to adopt new strategies. In my first
attempts I emphasized resilience. I tried to concentrate on protecting the land
from damages but I didn’t consider the costs and the needs for development.
Therefore in my last attempts I was more attentive to the money spent and tried
to equally spend it on developing the pods.

        If I was
assigned to modify the game, I would not change the concepts of risk management
that are represented but I will work on making every aspect more detailed. For example
it is hard for a player to objectively grasp the reason why he or she fails or
what causes one to win a certain level. If the game could give a summary of the
player’s mistakes or strengths I think the game would be better. 