2737872

It was an interesting game to learn about risk assessment, even though I have problems getting past Level 4.1.  In this game, research, insurance and protection are the 3 key elements in managing risks.  There are various roles of risk management, be it to save lives of people, prevent or minimise damage to properties or livestock, maintain stability of the country or the economy.  With proper risk management, we can reduce the cost of rebuilding lost properties, help improve the quality of life of people, and in particular young children, have a stable financial system, which would contribute to the stability and prosperity of the government.  In terms of trade off, the first factor would be that you need investment in these factors to prevent risk.  Resources refer to money, training of expertise and the availability of insurance options and information databases.   With limited financial resources, I have to decide how much to go into building up knowledge, how much for insurance and how much for protection.  At times, I may over commit money in one area and neglect others.  At other times, I may spend all my money on risk management but may not have leftovers for other things, eg. do I have money left for bank reserves, education sports?After playing the game a few times, I noticed that it is important to gain knowledge on risks. This will help to decide whether I would need to buy insurance or to have more protection.  I found that protection is a better tool for me than insurance, it directly negates the impact of any adverse condition.2.  I played the game more than once, partly I was not sure about the rules.  When I played it the second time, I spent more time on research, which allowed me to monitor the seriousness of the comets.  This translates into my actions, eg. how much protection is needed and whether I need to buy more or less insurance.  After repeated playing, there is one bugging question- have I bought too much insurance or have too much protection?  I do not have any spare cash in hand.  This is another risk!The main thing that I learnt from this game is : education and training is important in dealing with risk management.  In addition, having good information and good monitoring system is essential.  With good monitoring system and also good knowledge, a lot of disasters and also other financial and political situations could be minimised.3.  To add in one aspect of the game, I will introduce a multi-player mode so that we could share resources.  Knowledge is something that all countries should share, and not developed and owned by one.