2755464

The role of risk management in this game was to identify,
assess, prepare, and cope with risk while undertaking health development in the
world of Alora. Therefore, I had to make some choices, one of which had to do with
knowledge acquisition in the form of research. Research helped me recognized the
chance of comet  hitting, the time it
would take me to either think about purchasing insurance or institute protective
measures  until impact, and the severity
of the pods that would be damaged by the comet. Interestingly, while it was a
good thing doing researching, I was slacking in health development as my
development bar was neither being built nor upgraded.

I played the game more than once. To be realistic, I
had no idea at all what to do initially. As the game started, I just sat there
behind my computer listening to the sound of music/water from the game, and
before I realized it, the game was over. After the first game, I began experimenting
with the various buttons and sliders on the screen to understand their
individual functionalities. As I kept replaying the game, I was learning how to
identify the risk that was coming, and what I needed to do in order to minimize
or avoid the effects of the falling comets. This knowledge/information helped
me   avoid being damaged to some degree, but I was unable
to balance between growing my Alora community and preparing for the risks of the
potential falling comets. I also learned that I could quickly and cheaply
rebuild pods damaged from the flooding by  
purchasing insurance.

If I were tasked with developing a new version of
this game by proposing a change or adding one simple thing to capture some
aspects of risk management choices that matter where I live, I would add
counseling. Although knowledge, protection, insurance, preparation, and coping are
all essentially strong risk management strategies, the role of counseling
should never be underestimated. When tornadoes hit our state, the psychological
after effects are unimaginable. Of course, there is insurance for people to
rebuild their damaged homes. However, those individuals whose family members or
loved ones died due to the tornadoes often have no professional provision of
assistance and guidance in dealing with the psychological effects that come
with losing someone to disasters. Counseling would be a very effective strategy
in risk management, and I would add it.