2758255

The Risk Horizon game was very interesting and thought-provoking. As the Luminator of Alora, the player's task is to develop this extra-terrestrial community and reach milestones in development while managing wealth and the development opportunities with the risk that Alora faces from falling comets. The player must plan ahead to manage the risks of comet strikes while also reaching the development goals in the timed rounds in order to proceed to the next levels. Since each comet strike can cause damage to existing developments, requiring time and money to make repairs, the Luminator is incentivized to research comets in preparation for strikes, protect the community to reduce the damage caused by comets, and buy insurance to help mitigate the damages that occur. Not only must the Luminator decide how to allocate Alora's financial resources (since money spent on preparing for comet strikes necessarily reduces the amount that can be spent on further development), but the Luminator must decide how much time can be spent on preparation at the expense of additional development.The game is further complicated by the choices the Luminator must make in developing the community. Each pod costs money to build, but every added pod also increases the rate of development. In addition to building pods, the Luminator can also make upgrades to existing pods. I had to play several times to get to level 4 and discovered that upgrading existing pods helped Alora reach its development goals more quickly than building additional pods. The more developed the pods, the more money was generated per pod.As I played, I realized that sometimes investing in development was more rewarding than protecting against risk. Being too preoccupied with preventing damage led to rounds in which I avoided all damage from comets but could not progress to the next level because Alora did not meet development goals. The balance that I found most successful involved prioritizing opportunity over risk, but I did always buy the best insurance possible and kept researching comets so I could anticipate major hits. If my development progress was good, I knew I could afford to spend time and resources on protection, but I invested in pod-building and upgrading first.While Risk Horizon takes many factors into consideration, it is still a simplification of the challenges that communities face in risk management. While economic consequences can be a great detriment to developing a community, I would argue that the psychological impact of community is crucial to development. After all, what is the point of a community without the common bond of its members? I like the community connections game and the fact that development drops when preventable damage occurs, but I think more is required. My suggestion for improving the game would be to add development rewards for successful prevention and community connections.