2768753

The
game is a very interesting tool to put into practice the theories and concepts
learnt throughout the first weeks of the course. It replicates in a smaller
scale the challenges posed by development and natural disasters. 

 

I
realized that preparing against disasters affects your results in two ways. If
you invest in research, the intelligence gathered will help to prioritize
strategies and budget. On the other hand, dedicating a vast amount of money to
lifting the terrain always consumed me valued financial resources. 

 

In
fact, I found difficult to reach the right balance between the development of
the community and its protection once both require a large amount of resources.
After failing to accomplish the goals, I realized that by gathering more
knowledge on the threats, buying a good insurance make recovery easier, not
only faster but also less expensive. The Chilean experience taught in the videos
was very helpful in this matter. 

 

In
order to achieve a good score, I had to play the game several times, sometimes
the development bar was not rising fast enough. I realized that I had to invest
in developing my communities, but in case of a disaster the reconstruction
would be expensive and slow if I had not a good insurance, nor invested in
lifting the terrain.

 

Moreover,
I learnt that you need to develop a comprehensive strategy that takes into
account all the main concepts taught during the second week: knowledge,
protection, insurance and coping. By gathering knowledge on threats, buying a good
insurance, protection and a response to disasters are facilitated, especially
by working in a fast-paced manner to provide a quick response to disasters.

 

Also
by performing research on the comets, you gather more intelligence regarding
future events and helps to prepare your community to an eventual disaster. 

 

In
order to reduce risks, I would suggest the creation of an evacuation plan.
Because nowadays we have to deal with refugees that are not only related to
conflicts, but also to natural disasters. Finding a proper accommodation,
immediate healthcare for those in need is important to avoid the spread of
diseases and even human rights violations against women and children. In case
of the local forces are not up to the task, the national army or the immediate
regional community should step in for aid. Buses, trains and boats could
provide transportation to areas and safe houses where people can take adequate time
to resume their lives.  

