2789044


1.	The risk is chances of getting negative impacts on the development and the risk management is the exercise done to reduce the impact of risk and to have positive gains. Knowledge about the risks, protection against the risks and getting insured against the risks are important tools for risk management. Here, the chances of damage due to hit of a comet was a major risk hampering the development. Another important risk was flooding. Investment in the research to increase the knowledge about the comet helped in reducing the risk of hit with the help of timely development of protection measures. It does costed but helped in reducing the damage. Getting insured prior to the risk emergence helped in reducing further the damage due to the risk. The delay in research, protection or getting insurance leads to higher damage due to poor risk management. Timely investment in research and development of protection measures reduces the damage due to the risk and also reduces the time wasted in the aftershock after the occurrence of risk. I was not able to move quickly due to technical problems and so the damage was higher as I could not take timely measures.   

2. I played the game more than once. However, due to technical problem with the computer I could not take quick actions and so the damage was more and could not reach the level 2. However I learnt that you have to identify the risks in advance and get insured prior to the risk happens and continuously invest in the research about the risk for increasing the knowledge for taking protective measures. It does reduced the damage in next games but at the same time it also affects the development and makes it slow. In the next trials, I started investing early in reserach for increasing the knowledge, using the protection measures to reduce the impact and inveting in insurance earlier for the risk which were likely to cause damage and leaving uninsured the risks which were less likely to cause the damage.

3.	The game is very interesting and helping to learn with fun and experience and so will be having long term impact on the knowledge and memory. It covers the important aspects of risk management such as prior knowledge about the risks, investment in development of protection measures for protecting from risk and investing in the insurance against the risk. The game explains about the risk mitigation measures, the importance of their timeliness and quantity in which they have to be taken and what are the factors that hamper or delay the development process. Flood and earthquake are important risks causing damage to the development process in our areas. So I would like to add some measures for reducing the risks due to these risks. for example information about the rainfall and likely inflow of the water shall help in advance to take prevetive and protective actions so that the damage to the life and property can be reduced to the minimum. The game needs some smooth software platform so that the technical problems can be less  and the game can be played for learning an important topic by all including those having lower version of software and hardwares.
