2790942

1 The role of risk
management in the game seems to be obvious, however to my advice the game has
no direct relation with real world circumstances -at least in developing
countries where capital is a scarce good: In 2012 and 2013 I carried out
evaluations for frontline international NGOs on emergency operations in the
aftermath of typhoons Nesat and Nalgae, plus tropical storms Bopha, Washi and the Rio Grande de Cotabato floodings in Philippines. The
game proposes formal financial instruments as the best way to dealing with
disaster and risk management, which in fact were almost totally lacking in the
above crises: people and companies had to cope with whatever they had, but
certainly no insurance or protection, and little knowledge of whatever was
befalling upon them. Kindly google the above names to see the severity of the
phenomenae. Certainly in Mindanao the clogging and subsequent bursting of rivers with barriers of felled tree trunks -and illegally cut logs- and water hyacint played a part in the destructiveness of the flash floods as if a man-made dam had collapsed, but I can't see what role knowledge can really play under such extremely high winds and downpours.Anyway in an outer
space environment like the game’s I had to quickly learn that knowledge would
fill the tube on the left hand side quicker than protection, and that lower insurance
options were cost effective up to 30% damage assessments. This I could keep
below this threshold most of the times by means of intensive research and protection. 2 I find the “How to
Play” description quite insufficient in terms of content, in order to make
progress form game play #1. Besides, I work in St Kitts  Nevis where sometimes
internet connectivity is low. During my first five games the screen would
freeze, or stop and go leaving little room to learn from trial and error, I
couldn‘t even reach level 1. So I wasted five chances. Next day the game run
well, getting past level 2 during my last 3 attempts. During these final tries
I learnt how important for the game developers Research was. No surprise,
bearing in mind that these young, brilliant World Bank teachers and
facilitators are researchers all of them. So when the asteroids were falling I
shot them nonstop as if on a Playstation game, just to see that 2 in 5 did not cause
any or little damage to my pods. In other words the more the research, the lesser the
damage. For this matter I had to spend money rapidly, sometimes running out of
funds due to fast ‘firing’ rate. 3. So I noticed I didn’t
have to spend much money in insurance (I chose almost every time the middle or low cost options), spending the remaining funds on the protection lever on the lower
right corner of the screen, just before the asteroid disappeared in the sea in order to save money too. This does not correspond with real life
either, for Protection (or mitigation for that matter) should take place not
when disaster strikes -that is, when the asteroid sinks below the horizon- , but well before that. Anyway the chosen insurance
coverage was less than maximum, so sometimes I still had to wait a few precious seconds for funds to start replenishing
before repairing some pods. 















The one simple thing I
would add is coping mechanisms, for example the creation of a new island or the
discovery of a gold mine as results of the impacts of the asteroids, where the
affected population could have some opportunities to restart their activities.