2795147

Role of risk management: 

This Risk Horizon interactive
live game, which is also called a real time strategy game, has shown me the
distinction between different risks management activities that are knowledge,
protection, insurance and coping. The game has taught me how and why risk
management is important for healthy and sustainable development. 

Change of strategy after playing the game a few times

I played the game several times. Some times with excitement of success and other times with frustrations of repeated failure. It took me a while to actually kind of find my problem in failing again and again. Then, based on my experience of
the game, I would say the following are some of the key issues and facts or
interpretations that I would like to reflect upon:

·     
No
matter how much hard work we do and invest all our power and effort, unless it
is backed up by scientific information of our surroundings and future, we end
up in a frustrating fact of losing all we have suffered for. 

·     
It
is very easy and tempting to focus just on developing – forgetting the meteors/comets
that will have a huge negative impact on our effort.

·     
The
key in these trade-offs is BALANCE: Do an excellent research, gather knowledge
and be insured based on the gathered information to tackle inevitable and large
scale disasters. If I invest all my money on insurance without knowing the
severity and likelihood of the disaster will lead me in losing lots of
resources unnecessarily. 

·     
Laziness,
distraction and being defocused are enemies that will prepare us for a disaster
hit. 

·     
In
order to be effective in what I do, I need to identify the types of obstacles
that often impair risk management and how these can be prioritized.

·     
In
order to be effective in what I do, I need to recognize actions and reforms
that can improve risk management and reduce the obstacles to it.

·     
The
biggest risk is the one we don’t know about or are not aware about.

·     
If
we create goo network among organisations, there is considerable opportunity
for most of us to better manage “operational” risk (to include:  cost
overruns, accounting irregularities, management issues, supply chain issues,
foreign macro-economic issues, etc.).

If I have to change a few
things: 

If I have to change anything
about this game, I would make the instruction a bit clearer; and I would say replacing or adding other contemporary development
sectors like schools, health centres, banks, industries, farms, etc. that most
us can relate ourselves with would have been more true-to-life scenarios. 

 

 