2801708

Just before I started playing the game, I had read the 'Policy Research Working Paper	6240' from our course reading.  So while I was playing I was pondering behaviors that impact on economic, social and environmental outcomes.  Not only did I have to make lots of choices, but had to quickly master in what order to do things, while keeping track of what was happening on the horizon.  Nothing new for a guy with 30 years of field experience and a MPA degree.  But that thought made me put the game on 'pause'.  I thought about a very consistent dynamic that I have observed in working in 'fragile states' either during a conflict, or immediately after a peace agreement was reached, where I always had access to cutting edge technology which provided me with 'almost instant access and communications with places where I sought knowledge and information'.  The stake-holders that I was there to provide humanitarian or development assistance to (whether they were government officials or people in need) generally did NOT have the ability nor the luxury to ponder outcomes, much less access information that would help them manage risk.That said, back to the specifics of the Risk Horizon game.  Before starting the game, I had thought about reviewing the discussion forum to see whether anyone had already played and commented.  In hindsight, I wish I would have done that.    If I would have I'm sure I would have ended up making a post to query participants, seeking advise and input to be best prepared.  But that's water over the bridge, because I clicked the buttons, spent a very few minutes going through the various information on the bar across the top of the game.  Then I started, not really fully understanding how to optimally use the resources available.  I played until my computer battery needed to get recharged, climbing to Level 4.  I'm quite keen to try again, to experiment with choices and trade-offs, and see if I can reach the top level.Related to Question3:  I was wondering how to produce this game, then be able to take it out into the field,  playing with people in community centers in fragile environments.   Could I work remotely with community leaders attempting to encourage communities to develop ideas that they could share with government officials, engaging in cooperative planning, helping citizens to gain trust and ability to work with their governments.