2808468

The Risk Management in the game was trying manage the risk of the meteor hitting the community vs developing the community. I the game the choices that had to be made was around developing and growing the town (which is needed) and knowledge/ researching (which took time), taking insurance and Raising the city (Protection) which took Time and Money. However as I came to find that each impacted each other so all the activities had to be done together to ensure that I could move pass the level. At some points I chose to develop more or raise the city to its maximum as I thought that was best for the city at the point in time given the risks around. Preparing for the risks up front at the start of the game allowed continued Development as the city was not affect or was not affected as badly. It cost little to no money to recover from a disaster which meant that one could continue developing further and not spend the time and money repairing.I played the game multiple times, and generally I got further in the game each time. This happened as I learnt how to ensure I do all that was necessary to manage the risk. On my first try I was only concerned with developing which did not get me far. Then I was only concerned with the meteors that would do the most damage. So when there was a meteor that had a high severity and low change of impact I took all the time raising the city and in the end it missed. By the time I had reach level 6 of the game the main things I had really learnt was that in order to be successful one must be able to focus on multiple things at a time. You had to be aware of the meteors in the sky what the severity was and the chance of success. In addition you had forecast that if it hits it will lower your protection so your protection must be high enough to cover the one that is right be hind it cause you don't have time raise the protection or do more research. The importance of having your hands in different pots becomes very important on reflection in risk management.  Overall it was a great game and if I had to make any improvements so that it could better represent  the risk management choices that matter in the place I live I would try to make more human. The greatest risks where I lived are cause by humans mainly crime. So hindrance to development come from a more social aspect and not such a supernatural out of this world element. I think the natural disaster risks are important to manage but even in these they some times come down to the human risks. Imagine you build shelters but the food is stolen or destroyed. The greatest risk comes from Humans and that should be address in the game to make it even better. 