2812275

Lessons from the game: Communities are exposed to different shocks. Your environment, financial status, extent of knowledge of your environment and vulnerability to shocks and risks, institutional systems and structures and technical know-how with regards to risk management all determine the ability to prepare for the shocks, cope with the risks and harness opportunities therein. Knowledge of risk management not only prepares you for coming shocks but also ensures ability to cope with subsequent risks and develop resilience while still carnying out your day to day tasks as an individual, household, community or government.The importance of Research and Knowledge: Research is an essential part of risk management and should be the first step. It is important to learn early enough, what the problems are, the possible magnitude, as well as the possible avenues to tackle them. Adequate research ensures that you select the most appropriate coping strategies, technology and mechanisms at the most effective costs for each specific shock or risk. It also leads to pay-offs in terms of opportunities and guarantees resilience to a large extent. Research without appropriate action however is futile, expensive and time consuming. It must be followed by implementation of activities be it protection, appropriate insurance cover, information, reinforcements and savings.Role of risk management in the game? It played a vital role in the game because without putting some knowledge of risk management to play, you would simply loose. The activities in the game enabled me learn more about shocks, preparing ahead for the shocks based on the knowledge gained by protecting the community, insuring the against possible shocks, strengthening systems and structures through connections and enhancing the ability to cope effectively. Being able to do this generates much needed resources and savings that can be used to develop the community and further improve investments in development and build resilience to future shocks. It is more or less a delicate balancing act that requires assessment and reassessment of options and strategies as well as resources and taking appropriate actions while ensuring that development is not stagnated.Choices and trade-offs in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance: As portrayed by the game, research/Knowledge without protection or insurance is fatal. However, development requires time, resources management and knowledge of the terrain as well as insurance and savings in case you get hit. If you overstretch yourself in securing protection which is sadly not cheap, then you will be left open to future shocks with limited ability to cope. Too little knowledge on the other hand means that you will be caught unaware and be unable to prepare and protect the community, household or individual effectively. Insurance is also not cheap but it gives one an added confidence to pursue other development endeavours so that in the event of inevitable shocks, recovery becomes easier, coping is more effective and resilience is gradually developed. Knowledge therefore is essential but must be backed by protection and Insurance.Immediate and Long term effect of preparing for risks on development: Preparation for risks is expensive in the short term. It can also slow down development because there are less resources available. After some time however, it begins to pay off and the gains can be seen in improved coping, stronger resilience and development.Conclusions: To better achieve success in subsequent attempts of the game, I made sure to continue to develop and match protection to severity of shocks based on knowledge gathered through research. I wouldn't change much about the game except maybe to reduce the cost of protection and insurance for poorer communities. Finally, commitment towards success is rewarded.