2834561

The role of risk management in the game was obvious in many ways in order to keep your pods safe without damage. First of all you had to be prepared for the comets because they may come in full speed and if you were not prepared they may hit your pods. You should be prepared in many ways, even if you are prepared for an imminent danger, in our case the comet, as it approached the pods it may change its characteristics (the severity, the chance to hit the pods), and for this reason a good research is always essential, as also in the game, this teach us that no matter how much measures have we take there is always a chance that things may go wrong, or in the other way you may take all the appropriate secure measures and in the end not to use any. In the game there was given also the chance to buy an insurance, although it is costly most of the times at the end it will be proven useful because as I mention above the parameters of the imminent danger may change and we should not be overconfident.
I played the game twice, what I did differently in the second time was the research of the comments. In the first time I checked them once and wait to hit, in the second time I was checking upon then in order to notice any changes that was proven to be correct. Also I bought a 75% insurance that also proven to be useful. Although the game may seem very simple and childish, the impact for the fundamental principles of the effective risk management was very serious. 
I think that if I was asked to develop a new version of the game I would add the human factor. Now a potential damage only destroyed the pods, in real life on the other hand there are always human losses and casualties; this may lead us taking the risk management more seriously. Even if we think that the measures taken for effective risk management are costly, the repairing of the damages always cost more. Additionally we have to bear in mind that if the people in a community, city, country feel secure in it, usually they try to do more and contribute more so these places are usually lucrative, which can makes us see the risk management also as an investment.
In my place, I believe the most important thing that needs to be done in my opinion is to proper inform people about their obligation to implement the risk management in their everyday lives.  
