2850753

In the game, I saw knowledge, insurance and protection as tools for risk
management that allowed the player to minimize the effects of the comets in their
rate of development. This is a very good example of how external factors (risks)
can affect a community or group, be it countries, local groups or businesses. 

The game was a great experience which allowed me to observe how different
choices affected the outcome of the game.

By increasing the city protection, we were attempting to minimize or even nullify
the effects of the external source. The effects of protection were more
efficient as the protection levels increased to meet the potential of harm from
the external source (comets). However, their cost became significantly higher
as the level of defense required to match the comets increased. Since the
continuous development of the community (the pods in the game) also becomes
more expensive as time progresses, diverting resources for the improvement of
defenses above a certain level takes away resources that could be used for the
development of the community. Also taking into account that the frequence in which
events are stronger than that level of defence happens, an adequate insurance
plan would be sufficient to alleviate the problems caused by the external
source and assist in a quick and cheaper reconstruction of the community. This
also meant that the insurance was bought at a time when resources where not
compromised before the harmful event took place.

The use of knowledge is varied. Understanding the possible outcomes and probability
of such an event helped planning the adequate amount of defenses required so
that resources are not wasted at the same time as defenses are strong enough. This
included both the level of protection required and the amount of insurance
required. Knowledge of the external factors also helps in facilitating the
efforts for recovery after the incident has taken place.

It must be noted, however, that the objective of the game is not to develop
your community or to upgrade your defenses and insurance as fast as possible. Doing
one of this actions would take away resources for the development of the other.
In fact, the game emphasizes the need for a balanced development. This highlights
the importance of management of resources both at good and at bad times as the
development and the repair of the pods, the cost of raising protection and acquiring
insurance became higher as the game progressed.

While the lessons from the game can be easily translated to real life, it
was a great opportunity to experience managing these components in a simplified
environment. I actually liked the fact that it was not immediately related to
the place where I live, which allowed me to detach myself from it and think
more strongly about the concepts we are learning. For this reason, I would not adapt
the game to fit my own circumstances. 