2861369

For the Risk Horizon game,
risk management played a vital role. In order to progress in the game, it was
necessary to balance the possibilities of gain (opportunities), which involved
the establishment of fully functioning and developed pods, with the possibilities
of loss (damages or destruction of the pods), with a limited amount of
resources (money). Both the search for opportunities as well as risk management
required the use of resources and time, and while some amount of overlap was
possible between the two, it was frequently necessary to balance between the
further development and protecting what had already been developed.

 

The game
required trade offs to balance opportunities and risks while managing
resources, with preparation for risk (specifically in the form of the raised
protection and, to a lesser extent, insurance and research) slowing down
development due to the resources and time needed to perform these tasks.

 

I played
the game several times, and the only time I managed to win, I played a strategy
that I thought was actually against the spirit of the game.  I never purchased insurance (on that
particular round, but had in previous attempts), built rapidly, but unevenly
(so there was a great deal of imbalance between the pod levels, with some at a
much higher level than others), raising the platform as much as possible once
the level’s development goals were achieved, and researching the objects as
much as possible.  I think that the main
aspect I learned was that research (planning for risk), along with protection
(or mitigation) were the two most important elements to reducing risk and
increasing development.

 

If I could
change one element of the game, I would add more weight to the social cohesion
part of the game.  As noted above, in my game
I played a strategy of rather uneven development, whereby some pods got better
at a faster rate than other pods.  I
understand that the research and subsequent ‘reconstruction’ of the pods is
intended to be a measure both of the importance of research as well as social
cohesion (as stated by the game), but it seems to me that large levels of
inequality (as measured by the difference in pod levels between two pods) would
be an impediment to social cohesion.  I
think it would be very interesting if this aspect could somehow be worked into
the game, but I am not a game designer and I am not sure how that would be
possible. 