2902312

1.      
 The role
of risk management in the ‘Risk Horizon’ Game was to actually reduce the
probability of affecting the overall wealth value on the barometer.  The management of risk through the diverse
use of risk premiums and the use of protection based on the probability of
being hit by a comet allowed the wealth value to be protection against
risks.  The principal role of the risk
management was first of all to become aware of the consequences of the risk and
to reduce the risk factors that could decrease the value of the overall wealth
displayed on the barometer as well as from the destruction of the pods both
developed and on the process of being constructed.  The choices I made was first of all to save
enough money to opt for the highest insurance premium with the aim of reducing
my risks of having to build the pods using my wealth value each time they get
hit by a comet.  When it came to
trade-offs, it was more between the use of protection and the chance of being
hit by the comet as well as the severity of the comet.  When it came to insurance, if I had two or
more pods, then my insurance policy would be the highest one, which was the 75%
insurance premium as two pods would be valued more than the highest insurance
policy of 75%.  Therefore, it would be
more profitable having an insurance premium when having two or more pods as it
case of destruction, 75% of the two pods would be refunded which would me
mostly the same value as that of the highest insurance premium.  Furthermore, preparation of risks allowed me
to assess the different types of risks and their consequences to better
accelerate the development process of the pods. 
It took some time to affect the development process, but it surely
accelerated the process as it first of all avoided the risk of constructing the
pods from scratch which was slower than repairing the pods.  And second of all, it accelerated the process
when we made use of protection to avoid the chance of being hit by comets
especially when having the most advance types of pod.

2.      
If I did play the game more than once, my
strategy would probably be more learn and efficient in that I realized the
importance of having the highest insurance premium to mitigate the consequences
of risks from the comet.  And also, I would
be making use of the protection more on a risk assessment basis, whereby I
would be looking at the severity and chance of being hit before spending money
on the protection.  The things I learnt
from the game was more about preparing about risks and learning the
consequences of risks and also investing in mitigation of risks in order to
increase wealth value.

3.      
To better represent a real-life situation, I
guess I would have re-structured the Risk Horizon Game, by first of all
providing more risk premiums whereby forcing people to buy the very first insurance
premium before they can unlock the other higher insurance premiums.  This would first of all allow them to
understand the real impact of having a lower insurance premium and its
consequences.  I would also have
allocated the insurance premiums based on the types of pods instead of just an
overall insurance to better reflect the real purpose of insurance and how it
works in real-life.  I would also have
displayed the scales of severity and chance in terms of percentage to better
get a view of the trade-offs between the use of protection.