2933283

The game is a relatively good way of experiencing the concepts explained in class.The cost
of risk management, both in money (for protection and insurance) and
time (for research), is well represented. Investments in risk management tend to slow development down, diverting resources
from the activities with direct return on investment (building and upgrading
pods) towards activities with no direct monetary gains (protection, insurance...).

However, risk
management, if correctly implemented, supports development on the long term, by
protecting resources and reducing losses.

There is a first
trade-off to be made in terms of resource allocation: what should be allocated
to development ? What should be invested in risk management?

A second trade-off
resides in the allocation of resources between the three areas of risk
management.

The choices are made
even more difficult by the uncertainty of the threat: insurance, that is to say
the transfer of resources from good to bad times, is only valuable if bad times
do come! When the investment in insurance prove "useless" once, I found myself quite reluctant to buy insurance for the next games, fearing that the money spent would be lost.

 

I played the game 3
times, and my strategy did evolve significantly. At first, I was
overly cautious. I invested a lot in protection,  to reduce at its
minimum the magnitude of the loss, as the probability was impossible to change.
I lost the game quickly because of a lack of development. I understood that damage could not always be entirely avoided, and that a reasonnable level of risk needed to be accepted in order to develop.On my second attempt,
I balanced the need for protection and insurance better with the need to develop.
However, I neglected research and did not adjust my actions to the
characteristics of the threats, and the resources invested prematurely in
protection and insurance were lost for development. This was a good example of the importance of knowledge in effective decision making.On my third and final
attempt, I used research to gain knowledge on the risk and on the possible
outcomes, and adjusted the timing of my investments. I invested in protection
and insurance when research indicated they were needed, avoiding to freeze
resources that could increase development. All in all, I found
the game emphasized that timing is key in managing risks, and that risks and
damages should be accepted to a certain extent, but mitigated as much as possible.

 

If I were to develop a
new version of the game, I would probably add a feature highlighting opportunities. For example, the meteors could
contains valuable metals, or the increase in research could make protection
more efficient. Everysource of risk is also a source of opportunity. If you cannot eliminate
that source, use it at your advantage !

I live in Hamburg, and
one of the major risks here is flood. However, the abundance of water is also
the strength of the city and the key to its development, as one of the biggest
harbours in Europe and in the world.