2934496

1. Risk management required players to multi-task, evaluating the immediacy of impending disasters while building a civilization and insuring against destruction.  While balancing these competing tasks is difficult, managing them while under the clock made decision making even more difficult.Focusing on any one approach to the game would be disastrous.  For example, developing pods to the exclusion of other approaches would cause a player to lose a level, since you would not have the time to research comets, purchase insurance, or raise the platform.  Similarly, researching comets and raising the platform would protect against waves, but would not allow the bar on the left to progress quickly enough.The key to progressing is reacting to what is on the horizon.  A randomized assortment of comets is generated and not all of them require a great deal of preparation.  Some of them, however, are "doomsday" comets, and without a large degree of preparation, they will wipe out the colony.  With this in mind, players should build and develop pods, purchase at least some insurance, and raise the platform when smaller comets are approaching, but focus on research and raising the platform when a doomsday comet is on the horizon.2. If I were to play the game after a first attempt, I would focus much more on the attributes of the comets.  After all, the comets are the only random variables to react to.  Everything else, from the three minutes allotted, to the dynamics of building pods, is consistent from game to game.Having played the game several times, I learned to research doomsday comets to the full potential, since minimizing impact through research is crucial.  I also decided to opt for lesser insurance rather than the greatest amount of insurance possible.  I realized that 33% insurance can still be a sufficient protection against damage, while saving money that would be spent on the 75% insurance.Perhaps more than anything else, it's vital to react in real-time to the comets as they are generated by the game.  In this way, no two games should be exactly the same - just like real life.3. While playing the game, I wondered whether it's strategically beneficial to build as many basic pods as possible before upgrading, or whether it's better to build a smaller number of pods and upgrade them to the fullest extent.  I wasn't able to see much difference in the two approaches, except that upgrades of course become more expensive than basic pods as you go along, so you may find yourself waiting on sufficient cash to upgrade while you could be building more basic pods.  Also, repairs may take a greater toll when you have a larger number of pods to repair.The change I would make takes into consideration the value of upgraded pods, the equivalent being a well-established metropolis versus a small outpost town.  I would incentivize or require building as many basic pods as possible before upgrading any of them.  After all, in the real world, a country will be populated with countless smaller settlements before a metropolis is built.  A city like New York or Tokyo was not built overnight without an underlying urban structure in the region and country.  Upgraded pods would still be preferable to basic pods, but would not be an option to players until every space is populated with basic pods first.