2935182

I had forgotten that wonderful feeling you have
when you find the right strategy to succeed in a difficult game, since I had
years without playing a video game. Knowing on the other hand that it wasn't
just a game but a simulation of a very important issue like Risk Management
made it even more spectacular. 

At the beginning I had problems figuring out
what was the most important thing to do, until I realized that it was all about
balance. Working simultaneously in all the directions and not doing more than it
was necessary was the key of the game. This is the key of risk management and the
key of life too. But keeping balance wouldn't get you after
level 2 and there was another important lesson to learn: Think ahead! You
should be prepared for future events before they happen and you should manage
your time effectively depending in the future events. Another important lesson
not to be forgotten was the speed of improvement when research was clicked. It
was impressive and it made me think about the dozens of times I have neglected
research. Most of people, including me, tend to rely more in their intuition
and reflexes, especially when they confront risk without realizing that
research would have saved so many time, money and lives. 

I played the game several times and I reached level 4. After each
attempt I gained more skill to keep under control knowledge,
protection, and insurance. Another important thing to take care was checking
all the time the progress. At the beginning I wasn’t giving it much attention,
but it was one of the most important things to be successful.  

If I had the opportunity to change something in that
game it would be the way how research works. I believe that showing some dynamic
results while research is clicked would make it easier to play. Because it really
takes some time to understand what happens when you do research and I was expecting
some real results. Another thing I would change was adding other disasters
since in my country we are threatened mostly by earthquakes or flooding. The
story of meteors is very interesting but not very usually in most of the
countries. 

As a final thought I wanted to emphasize that
this very innovative way of teaching, even in a MOOC, has surprised me very
much, taking in consideration that this is my 9th online course, it the first
time I have seen it and honestly I enjoyed it a lot.

