2943134

How the Sky enlightened me…
with a Big Bang!

Playing the game offered in
this course was a struggle first to understand the rules of the game. Which in
itself can be seen as a learning process, developing knowledge of risks in the
game and how to handle them. Making a tradeoff between spending time on this
game, and other obligations in my life.

Within the game I first tried
to research the objective of the game, earning points within the limited time
frame: building and upgrading as many structures as soon as possible. Soon I
found out “living” this game this way, did not help, while I suffered from the
attacks from the sky. On the other hand, trying to protect myself as much as
possible, did not help too, while the game was over before I reached the next objective
level.

In my opinion, within this
game, the insurance policy did not really help me. Facing a high impact risk I
should manage by myself (with increase of protection level on time), or when
that seemed impossible, by researching enough to gain time to improve
protection after impact. I learned about this last possibility only after some
time. 

When a new risk appeared I imagined
I could not handle, doing research was a better way to solve the situation on
the short term. However this protection gained after impact was not
sustainable. So I preferred preparing myself for any situation by investing in
protection on forehand. Therefor when there were no immediate threats, I spend
money on increasing protection to get a ´safety level´.

Based on this I soon made up
my strategy:

Spend enough money on
building structures to work on my goal, but leave some safety margin on resources
for protection.Have a quick first assessment
of all new “risks” entering the sky, to decide the size of (possible) impact and
the chance this will occur.Based on this first
knowledge decide how to face the situation: no action needed (while risk is low
or I think I can handle the effect), or action is needed, either by researching
more or to increase protection level.But in the meantime, building and
upgrading new structures were essential to gain enough resources and get to the
next level of the game. During the different times I played the game, I never
succeeded to get to the next level, when some of the buildings were damaged.

This gave me the very unconformable
idea if this is also true for real life situations, people who are confronted
with some life threatening event, they cannot overcome without help themselves.
When their houses are damaged, or other basic needs to survive, they probably
have not enough ´energy´ (or other resources) left to be able to survive new
risks. And that is not a game…

Living in Western Europe
myself, I feel very luckily to face less life threatening risks due to natural
disasters like some other parts of the world. I think for my part of the world,
it can be interesting to play this game with the possibility to adjust the
velocity and impact of threats coming from the sky. Coping with a tradeoff between
the risk level you are accepting to take and the benefits you can gain when you
accept more risk. Feeling ‘totally safe’ is probably a state of happiness, but
one should not fall asleep, not aware of the impact of a risk which can happen
anyway….

 