2946988

The role of risk management helped study how risk evolve over time. What measure should be in place to facilitate a quick response. It was central to the transmission of shock and the impact they had.It helped or gave the capacity to prepare in advance  with the ability to cope afterwards. It helped in preparation which was through knowledge (research) and using the information to make judgement, obtaining protection and measures to influence the impact or the probability and severity impact. Or obtaining insurance, measures to transfer resources during impact or occurrence to those in need. Some of the impact where not able to be prevented so it was how to cope afterwards.Coping was through updating knowledge and using other protection and insurance agreements in place.I focused on Protection first because it was timed to try and buy a cushion when there was impact. Then i focused on development which increased my purchasing power and helped me develop the community to the best of my ability while meeting certain milestones along the way.These milestones were indicated by lines marked on the development bar. Filling my development bar by building and upgrading pods. Each pod  helped increase my rate of development.Alora fell victim to falling comets, shocks.. These comets careen into the water and cause waves that hinder development. I had to  balance between growing our community and preparing for these potential shocks via Research, Protection, and Insurance and each action cost precious resources!At first it was easy to develop and research after wards then protect against shocks. But the more i developed the more resources became more protection became more expensive and so did research because there was more to insure but it was not a question i needed insurance because it cost less to rebuild when there was a shock. Focusing on the severity and possibility of impact and since the comets where more i focused my research on the ones with high occurrence and severity and did not focus on the others with less severity and occurrence. This was because i had put in place protection and insurance to a certain level which helped when shocks hit which resulted mostly in less severity so there was no damage at all or minimal damage.This made development slower and i barely reached the acquired level due to time. I eventually ran out of time eventually even though i had protection. Development wasn't as fast as it should be because of limited resources and time ran out.If i were to redesign the game i would allow development to be concurrent or slightly higher when due protection is in place. Because if sufficient protection is in place it will not affect development. The reason is because  most of the time i had no damages as the stages got higher or minimal at best. But because i had limited time i could not reach my required development level of that stage before time ran out.I would say research really helped in limiting the impact of the shocks because it allowed for better protection. 