2947475

Risk Horizon managed to successfully complete level 4 

The purpose of the game was to examine a number of variables
under the heading of knowledge, protection and insurance. The players objective
was to minimise my exposure to risk while maximising my opportunity to develop
the community. You had to weigh up insurance, education of meteorites,
building, available funds, repairs, and raising the land levels.

I found the best way for me to reach level 4 was principally
through protection- tacking appropriate action to raise the land level. It took
me several goes to find that the best way. what I thought was the most straight
forward was not the way I eventually found worked

I learned to read the meteorites and then take appropriate action
in raising the floor level of the village. It was time consuming and did cost
some money but I found it to be the best strategy,

I also learnt that I couldn’t just focus on completing one building
at a time and I had to put my money on building many structures as I could. I
started off building and extending just a couple of houses at the time but the
game required me to spread my money around. 

I also found insurance was important and I took it out each
time. I never took out full coverage but I did spread the risk around 

The game was an evolution in strategy. I learnt that it was
a process of seeing what was working and what wasn’t.  I learned that I was dealing the immediate
threats and had to change strategy to tackle more preventative measures like
sea levels. 

The main things I learnt from the game was to try something
out and make adjustments. 

I learnt insurance and education were important but not as important
as adjusting the floor level of the area. If I had the floor level at the right
height then I actually didn’t need insurance but I still took some out just in
case

I might if I wanted to look at loss of life as a result of
the activity. So each time a meteorite hit, it might impact population level
and time and money to bury the dead. 

One of the best challenges that we have here in Australia is
the bureaucracy and the time it takes for things to happen.  Otherwise we are very good at risk management
  