2962493

1.      The theme of
the game was risk management, because in every situation it was my aim to
protect the “city” from damage through the meteorites and - in a critical situation - to cope with the damage and rebuild the buildings
of my city. This reminds me of the definition of effective Risk Management given
to us in class ( “ risk management that is effective needs to combine 
capacity to prepare in advance with an ability to cope afterwards”).
 

My strategy was first to make an insurance plan
with the highest possible rebuilding-rate. After that seeing a new comet I
first assessed it risks and then protected the city as much as it was necessary.
Having remaining time I clicked on the meteorite to increase my knowledge about
it.

All in all I prefer insurance as a long-term
instrument because I had known about the upcoming crisis and this was the most effective
way to deal with it. Then in face of a new risk I did the necessary protection
and afterwards increased my understanding about the risk and it´s possible
outcomes.    

In the game, like in reality, if you increase
the protection of your city the development will stop. Further the money you
spent on increase the protection and on insurance, cannot be spent on
development. 

2.      I played the
game only once and won it at the first attempt so I would not change my
strategy. The main thing I learned from the game was that the balance between
protection, insurance, knowledge and development is very important. You have to
lock at all four aspects: In one situation in the game I spent too much time to
increase my knowledge of the arriving meteorites and nearly lost. 

 

3.      If I was
allowed to change some aspects of the game I would correlate the effectiveness
of protection and insurance with the knowledge of the risk and its possible
outcomes because in reality an improving of knowledge about a possible shock leads
to better protaction. This correlation was also presented to us in class (Video
2 the interlinked components of risk management).