2970624

The major role of risk management in the game is there is a
shock in the form of comets, which is going to hit and you have to make effective decisions in order to reduce the effects of hit or avoid the hit. The resource needs to be allocated efficiently. There should be
a perfect time management in decision making before and after the hitting of a comet.The choices made are,1.     
What level of protection is needed in order to
avoid the comet or to have minimal loss?2.     
How much insurance is needed?3.     
How much knowledge about the comet to acquire?The
trade-off made by me was between protection level and knowledge about comet. What
level of protection is necessary in order to avoid the comet, and to know about
the severity of hit is also important. So in each level I decided that
my protection level should be more so that the comet is missed or its impacts
should be lesser and fewer knowledge is to acquired about comets.The resources allocated in the preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time).The game played first time was quite different from the game
played in the second time. In first time I did not realize about what protection
level does, I was only relaying on the insurance and trying to save the
resources and when the comet hit, I should use those resources in order to
repair the damages. I did not try to spend resources on the acquiring the
knowledge also. But when I played game in the second time and third time, I realized protection
level and the knowledge of the comets is quiet helpful with insurance and
balance between knowledge, protection level, insurance and development is
necessary in order to move to the highest stage of game and i succeeded in by using this strategy. The main point learned in the game is that the cost of risk preparation is quiet low than the cost of occurrence of risk and taking measures afterward. Knowledge, insurance protection and coping with risk are also important.I want to show other natural calamities in the game such as earthquake and storms coming in the sea and want to create different options for knowledge and protection before preparation and after immediate impacts and effects of these calamities.