2980755

The Risk Horizon Game attempt to highlight how risk management could serve as the safeguard and protection measures. In real life,it would be impossible to predict every potential crisis and risk, but understanding some major categories risk can help one identify the types of risk that need to avoid. The same thing can be said from what we learned in the horizon game where the plan development, risks identification and safeguard prevention take place. Although we couldn't avoid all possible risk, but avoiding the avoidable is key role and strategy in order to survive the game at level 4 or higher.Risk preparation and identification always come second after a plan developed. This mean whatever we planned it would not go smooth as expected as there is always uncertain risks which affect the progres. The risk identification and preparation is meant to act quickly and decisively when the plan is decisively interrupted.Form the first time played the game, I managed to scored level 1 due to lack of understanding the rules of games. I rushed to utilize all the wealth available to develop the only single pod to level 6 as fast as possible without purchase any insurance. After go through the tutorial again and again, I understand that a strategic plan is necessary before any risk identification and actions taken. I realize  pod  development need to upgrade stage by stage but not aggressively. In other words, I have to ensure  the level of pod should only upgraded one level from previous stage, thus observe any crisis sign (comets) that might hurt the development meter and pod upgrade progress. Overall, what I learn from the game is how to developed and tested a workable plan strategically, then move on to challenge potential risk and crisis. Secondly,identify any actions and reforms that improve risk management and reduce the obstacles to it. We seen comets can appeared as many as 3 (so far i observed) in the same time, but hard to predict  which gonna hits the ground or, conversely, all missed and no damage.From a business point of view, the insurance in the game is served like Business interruption insurance in real corporate world. Many business facing risk of natural disaster,calamity and catastrophe. The case in point including Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in Japan during March 2011. In order words, using insurance to manage risk is one of the risk reduction.To applied the risk management concept in my country, Malaysia, one of the developing country in Asia. Unlike United States and other western countries, unemployment insurance didn't introduce in Malaysia. Thought unemployment rate in malaysia was not high, but it is advisable to introduce unemployment insurance act in order to safeguard unemployment crisis.In conclusion, risks and crisis management is part of life that applies to everyone include individuals, organisation, country, economics or natural environment, the question is whether it is predictable or unimagined, is anyone to guess.