2987158

1. First of all, I whould like to say, that the Risk Horizon game, is interesting and quite enjoying. I really liked it. But at the same time I do not understand much about it at all. It takes me several hours to get to some desent level (like 4th, or 5th). I am not sure how is this working. The game is all about the risk management and your decisions and chances, which we can not control. I have tried to stay in the middle - to continue developing the planet and do a lot of researches. When the hit probability was really high I bought some insurance. But money is still not enough. There was not good explanation of how to play this game, or what should we do in the beginning. And the game was not properly working on my PC. Preparation for risk sometimes comes affect development and sometimes simultaniously. I was not figure it out. I was constantly switching, so I am not sure.2. I have played the Risk Horizon game not only once. As I mentioned above, I have waisted several hours trying so hard to succeed. I was trying to do different techniques - like to build only one house, and developing just it. But it was not working. Than I switched , and decided to build all of the buildings, and than developing them. And always taking into account the possibility of risk. I still do not know how to balance in this game. I learned that everything is unstable, and sometimes it is not in your hands to control everything. Moreover, you should be ok with the results you have had. Learn from your mistakes and go on. Risks is a must, but most of the time it is not worthy the actions . Sometimes you win, sometimes you do not. It depends. (your luck or your constant actions - still have not decided yet).3. In this game I would add a manual. I I do not really get this game at all. What was I doing was baised on my observation and from my mistakes in the game. I have not seen the connection between the risk managing and the game. I was paying insurance, developing the houses and doing a lot of research and did not find the answer. The risk happenned either way, no matter what was I doing or not doing. 