2991179

Overall assessment - Risk management is predominantly an optimization problem. The variables are Knowledge of opportunities or risks, Protection mechanisms and Insurance (Coping mechanisms). The higher the risk the higher the investment in the coping mechanisms and gaining knowledge of the situation (issue) to maximize resources for damage control and a speedy recovery and vice versa. There is no perfect solution possible, only optimal strategies.From the game perspective the following scenarios emerge -a. High severity of the comet hitting and a high chance of that event happeningIf the
  comet is moving slower there is more time to research and adjust the
  parameters - this is indicative of having more time to focus on preparation
  and coping with an inevitable disaster
    Focus on coping and protection - increase research for minimizing impact by
  getting more time to deal with the aftermath, maximize insurance for faster
  recovery.
    If the comet is moving faster maximize insurance and increase research
  commensurate with that speed. Divide resources to also increase pod building
  (lower levels) to maximize resources for damage control
The
  focus here (given the inevitability of the result) is on faster recovery and
  minimizing damage to community outreach, research and building coping
  mechanisms
b. Medium severity of the comet hitting and a Medium chance of that event happeningIf the
  comet is moving slower there is more time to research and adjust the
  parameters. 
    Focus on coping - increase research to match the chance of the hit,
  increase insurance commensurate with the developing threat. 
    If the comet is moving faster maximize insurance, increase research but
  stay focused on increasing pod growth activity
The
  focus here is on having a balanced
  use of resources between opportunity versus minimizing damage to community
  outreach, research and building coping mechanisms
c. Low severity of the comet hitting and a Low chance of that event happeningFocus more on pod growth to increase opportunity and resources. Get adequate insurance and also match protection with chance of hit to deal adequately if the hit happens. Match research to the chance of the hit keeping in mind the severity. If there is time (comet moving slowly) then poll the threat frequently to adjust insurance adequate to the severity of the threadThe strategy here is to focus pre-dominantly on the growth opportunities with some protection and basic coping mechanism through adequate researchd. Low severity of the comet hitting and a high chance of that event happeningFocus more on pod growth to increase opportunity and resources. Get adequate insurance and also match protection with chance of hit to deal adequately if the hit happens. Match research to the chance of the hit keeping in mind the severity. If there is time (comet moving slowly) then poll the threat frequently to adjust insurance adequate to the severity of the thread Focus pre-dominantly on the growth opportunities with some protection and basic coping mechanism through adequate research. Coping is less of an issue over protectione. High severity of the comet hitting and a low chance of that event happeningFocus more on pod growth as there is a diminished chance of disaster and as there is more time to research the threat and preparation - increase research commensurate with the chance of a hit, increase insurance commensurate with the severity of the threat. Also focus on increasing opportunity by building pods or enhancing them so more is available to repair pods when the eventual hit happens for better damage controlThe focus here is to remain aware of the threat through research, building adequate protection but having more resources for growth