3037889

The game requires me to ensure development of the Alora community, whilst preparing for the incoming
comets (“shocks”) through insurance, raising the island and increasing the time
to make community connections through research. I used half of my initial funds
to build pods, and the other half was used to buy insurance (33%) and to
increase protection through raising the island. As the pods generated more
revenue, I continued to construct more pods and pressed the slider. 

In terms of cost/trade-offs, I realised that
over-investment in protection and insurance proved too costly and it would
hinder development of Alora. Over-investment led to my defeat at Level 3 for my
first attempt. For my second attempt, I continued to buy insurance at 33%, but
spent lesser funds on protection as I raised the island till it matched the
chances of hitting of the incoming comets. I utilised knowledge, which
effectively increases the time allowance before incoming comets hit. The
increased community connections made certainly reduced damages. I reached Level
5 for my second attempt.

The initial investment on protection and insurance
affects development of Alora in the short run, as there were lesser funds to
build and upgrade pods. Nonetheless, with the appropriate level of insurance
and protection, development of Alora can be sustained in the long run, as
damages can be more easily avoided and rebuilding costs were less costly. This
freed up more funds for development in the later levels, making it easier to
reach the development goals in different levels of the game.

For subsequent attempts of the game, I will ensure that
the level of protection for Alora will better match the severity and the
chances of hitting of the comets. If the island is not raised enough, damages
are more likely. If the island is raised too much, funds will be wasted and
hinder development.

After playing the game, I learnt that risk is always
present for development, in this case the incoming comets. A reasonable
estimation of risks and preparation will ensure sustainable development in the
long run. Development is also necessary to increase revenue that is needed for
more development. In the game, upgrading of the pods is required for more
funds. For different levels of development, the risk level has to be examined
and there must be different preparation. In the game, I had to increase the
level of insurance and the height of the island. Thus, it can be concluded that
risk will also change as development progresses. Generally, more protection is
needed. The community is also key for development, as it will be easier to
mitigate damages caused if an.

I live in Singapore, and the main issue that is affecting
me is rising inflation. If I can change the game, I will implement a rule of
the price for construction and upgrade of pods will change every minute. This
is in line with the fact that development also depends on the current economic
climate locally and globally. Certainly, revenue generated by the pods will
also differ. Hence, the general economic condition in the game can be an
economic slump, where revenue generated and cost of construction of pods will
fall, and vice versa for an economic boom. 