3039845

Question 1

Risk
management provided the framework for making the trade-offs required to advance
development in the face of risks.  This
framework made it easier to think through the issues with regard to striking an
appropriate balance between protection (stopping bad things from happening) and
insurance (making sure that the impact was relatively small when bad things
inevitably did happen).

One of the
most challenging trade-offs related to the question of how much insurance would
be adequate.  In some cases it was possible
to make this call based on the threat posed by the comets that were visible on
the screen but this did not deal with the longer term and the “deeper” uncertainty
that this presents. In a similar manner, the question of how much protection
would be sufficient to deal with the threat. 
Too much insurance or protection imposes an opportunity cost on how much
development could be undertaken.

 

The
knowledge component was easier to deal with and could be systematised.  Comets were subject to a rapid assessment and
prioritised based on the speed it was moving, the probability of impact and the
probable severity of the impact.  The
focus on gaining knowledge was directed at those comments that posed the most likely,
immediate and severe threat.

 

Question 2

I played
the game twice: the first game was characterised by seeing the impact of a focus
on a single element of risk management and the impact of that.  The one element that I did not get to grips
with the first time was the building of connections between pods. The approach
the second time around was based on a better understanding of the environment
and the rules of the game; and included the element of strengthening
connections.  The strategy was consequently
more multi-faceted and “sophisticated”. (Not sophisticated but relatively more sophisticated
than the first time around) and I easily passed the second level where I had
failed the first time.  The key learning
is that experience counts and some reflection (monitoring and evaluation)
enables the development of the risk management approach.

 

Question 3

Something
simple that could be added to the game that would further add to the game would
be an extra function that enable the nature of the shock to be dealt in
alternatively ways.  The risk chain
diagram suggests that the nature of the shock can be changed by the outcomes of
risk management. Currently the comets arrive like clockwork regardless of
anything that can be done in terms of insurance, protection or knowledge.  In reality, there are interventions that can
pre-empt the shock or at least change its nature. For example, one could add a
missile to the game that could destroy comets before they arrive or break them
in half and reduce their impact. Obviously the missile would be very expensive
and come at a cost of how far and fast development could be advanced.

