3041868

The game is related to
the concepts of research, knowledge, protection and insurance. At the same time
it illustrate the relationships between these concepts such as trade-off
relation. While playing this games I think all of the players have to make a
lot of decisions and make trade-offs between knowledge, protection and
insurance. I think this situation happened is because of lack of resources in
this game which is the money (welfare). Between this three variables I more
focus on the create resources to maximize the protection and insurance. Compare
the protection and insurance in this game, I think protection is more important
than insurance because you can put effort to minimize the damages/loss and if
you have enough resources than you can afford the loss. Preparation have to be
made before the risk happened. It is because we can see the result of
preparation immediately. In this game before the aerolite crashed the island, I
have bought the insurance and raise up the island to minimize my losses and
avoid some risks.

While playing the game
first time, I lose the game in level 3. I think again the situation I met in
the first time and change my strategy while playing the second time. I focus
more on the resources creation and land development. Throughout this game I realize
that it actually same as our real life world. Although we have a very good
plan, we still restricted by the limitation of resources. Besides that, there
are many variable in our life or in this game that hinder us to implement strategic
risk management plan. Moreover, we have to fully utilize all the resource that
we owned and combine it with my plan. In this games I am less focus on the research
of aerolite because I think it is not as important as other variable, but in
the real-life research to gain knowledge of risks is very important and we have
to put effort on it before the risks raise up.

I will make this
games to become two players game. I it because risk management is more depends
on a personal adjustment if this game become a 2 players game, I think it will
become more interesting and we also can learn how other players will act to the
same situation that we have met. Besides that, through communication with other
players can inspire our new idea and new strategic to cop the risks.