3049501

(Please excuse any mistakes: English isn't my first language.)
I have played this game several times reaching, at the end, the fourth level. I have felt hate against the "protection button" because spending time to protect the village causes the paralisys of the whole village and the player fails to reach the target of development.
During my first try, I have spent the biggest part of my budget in the upgrade of the village. However, with no defensive strategies, disasters were causing too much damages to my village. My defeat was unavoidable.
This game shows how in risk management you are expected to look at many aspects of the whole scenario. You can't focus on a single task, or you'll have no chance and you'll lose quickly. Match after match, I've started to eliminate idle times, because the are very unproductive and they lead to systematic failures, and I've started to spend too much effort in pressing the "protection button". It seems that what the game is teaching is that you should not overindulge in passive roles, because they are unproductive. It's better to produce, losing a part of the product, than don't produce at all.
At a certain point, what I've started to do was buying insurances and then producing at my best. I avoided the 50% insurance, because it looked less worthwhile; thanks to insurances, I was able to produce and at the same time minimize all the damages the village was suffering. So, insurances were very important. It shouldn't surprise bot me and you: this course and that game are run by The World Bank. I can clearly see how they are going to underline and to stress the importance of some banking and financial tools. I'm not saying they are wrong: I'm just wondering how they're impartial and how much their vision is influenced by their education and by the institution they are working for. In the videogame, insurance is the key factor: all the elements matter, but insurance matters a little bit more. However, we can be sure that insurance plays an important role in risk management, under any circumstances.
What I don't like is the fact that when you enter in "protection mode" your society is 100% paralyzed. I think it's somewhat implausible. At Titanic teaches to us, sometimes people keep working even while the boat is sinking. Another thing I don't like is that, whan a disaster occur, there's no improvement in preventing the next disaster. Each society learns how to mitigate effects of disaster, like Bangladesh did with hurricanes. This videogame doesn't consider this aspect at all.
Thank you for reading.
Greetings from Italy,Davide

Have a nice day.