304966

The game we
played has to do with risk management. The main goal was to develop community.
For this goal I had at first to build the pods. But there were some enemies
that tried to destroy my community and so meant a potential loss for me:
comets. To avoid or to reduce their hints I had different opportunities: to
build more pods, to upgrade these, to increase my protection level, to buy insurance
and to research comets. But all these measures had to be invested in. So I was
confronted between measures against the hints and restricted amount of
investment could do. 

In
addition, every measure had different effectiveness. During the game I realized
that the insurance was not the best decision to solve the problem of hints. It costs
me money, but was not effective to reduce the potential loss. In fact, I didn’t
have damage after hints at all. After a while I decided to do without insurance.
The best measure I invested in was the long research of comets. The more I
researched the more time I got for preparation for the hints. Also I upgraded
my pods from time to time to reduce the possibility of damage.

Unfortunately
I could recognize the effectiveness of all steps only after playing several
times. As I played the game the first time, I didn’t have enough information
about the measures and experience with these. So I discerned that sometimes
risk management can be only effective, if the cases of potential losses are
repeated , you have experience with the measures against losses and enough time
pro preparation. Furthermore there is always uncertainty about possibility of
losses, so you cannot handle hundred percent right to avoid the risk. But you
can also cope with it after damages.

There were
a couple of things I didn’t get during the game, for instance, how to impact
and to increase your own prosperity (vessel with colorful liquid). I would like
to have some hints how to do it during the game. Also I couldn’t really see how
the higher level of my protection can reduce the damage of comets. But this is
maybe the problem of whole risk management: you cannot grasp the results of
effective risk management. But you can always see the losses without it.

