3050811

The Risk Horizon game really helped to draw out the concepts of the lessons this week. Gamers have to learn to balance risk and choose the rate of development. The comets were coming at a great pace, but in order to move to the next level you need to integrate knowledge, insurance, and protection to move forward. The power of knowledge was readily apparent when tracking the comets. As a gamer, you are forced to access the severity of the risk of the comet as well as likelihood of impact. Those factors weighed heavily since you only had so much to invest in development or purchasing insurance. A misallocation of resources could quickly sent a player back from the goal of reaching the next level. Interpreting the research accurately is the power of knowledge. Although, as a gamer, I felt I understood what the likelihood and severity meant. After, playing a few rounds, I could start to get better at knowing when to hold off on buying insurance and instead invest in development. Understanding what information was being provided and then being able to act on it in timely matter is central to the game and to application of risk management in development.As in risk management, there were different forms of insurance that could be used to mitigate the potential cost of a comet strike. At first, I would always buy the insurance with the highest premium. However, after a couple of rounds, I could see that buying the most expensive insurance didn't necessarily guarantee success. You need to allocate just the right amount to get the desired result.The direct correlation to insurance in development is readily apparent. If you are buying insurance to guard against a lost of crops, for instance, but don't have enough money left to plant more it is self defeating. Another example would be, is if the likelihood and severity of bad outcome is minimal then reducing your insurance payment could be used to plant more. The trade-offs have to be dealt with and then assigned the proper weight to determine how much insurance to buy. The role of protection in the game could have been more straight forward. Although, the elements of insurance and knowledge are very explicit. It took me a couple of rounds playing to realize, I was making the protection decisions perhaps I should have thought of this anyway. However, to someone that doesn't read all the directions, like me, it was apparent the slider actually raised a lowered the island. Overall, the game was fun and learned to see the concept of risk management in different setting that will help through the rest of the course. 