3083797

The role of risk management in the game was to protect
the Alora zone from floods by building pods and protecting them by paying
insurance. It was also a matter of elevation to better protect the zone. The
constraints were the time, the development meter and the wealth pool because
all actions in the game (buying pods, protection by elevation, upgrading pods)
cost wealth. To resume, the goal of the game was to protect the zone from flood
in a limited time and with a given wealth. For that, what I did, at first, for
any level, I paid insurance to protect the pods. I built pods and upgraded
them. After, for any comet, I looked about its severity to better measure its
impact when it hits and I did researches to better predict. For comets with high
severity, I tried to increase the elevation to reduce the impact. Preparation for
risk affect development immediately if one’s build good needs for that. For
example, if someone builds pods, insures them, increase the elevation of the
zone and does researches about the comet, the impact will be not so grave.

I played the game more than one time. At the first
time, I did not play with the elevation because I did not think it was helpful.
But after, when I integrated the elevation, the game was easier. I learnt that
it is fundamental to use all the means we have to success for risk management.

For risk
management, we can have many actors like government, households, donors,
enterprises etc. The impact of a disaster can affect all of them.

For that, if I have to develop a new version of the
game, I would have three levels of intervention. The first will be the
population of Alora, the second the Government and the third the enterprises.
Each of these actors will have a role to play. The government will help the
population about information and build infrastructure to protect against floods
(roads, pods etc.). For the population, they will be able to evacuate the zone
(depending on the information) to a safety zone for a few moments according to
the severity of comet and the level of protection of the zone. And for each
place for a pod, there will have some enterprises which participate on the
building of the pod. Each action will cost whealth.

Also, another heading will be to have information
about a comet if it hits another zone and how this one was protected. It will
allow the player to learn about how the other sites protect themselves.