3094085

1. What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The
role of a correct management of the risk was essential to keep moving forward.

It was
necessary to take different choices all time to keep developing the “colony”
but always trying to keep a balance.

The
trade-offs in term of knowledge, protection and insurance were clear as long as
there is a balance between them. 

Knowledge
gave me more time after a hit to protect the colony and reduce the
consequences. Protection elevated the colony and provide some safety but reduce
the speed of development (left bar). Insurance helped me to better re-build the
colony in case of damage but it was difficult to know what was the best
insurance to get in each level.

The
main positive consequence was a good performance of the colony.  

 

2. If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played
the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

I
would do things very differently if I had to play only once. The first time I
invested too much in building and elevating the colony, but that decision did
not let me to develop much the colony.

After
a few times, I learned the importance of protection and the consequent
“community insurance”. 

The
main thing that I learned is that each activity is important to create an
adequate risk management strategy and the one that surprised me the most, the
impact of “community connections after a hit”

 

3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

I like the way the game has been designed but if
I had to add something, it would be the chance to improve one of the “tools” of
the company at each stage. For example, to accelerate the knowledge or the elevation,
diminishing the insurance or the constructions.Also, some indications about what would be the best to do at certain times, but while one is playing.