3097498

For
starters I have to say that strategy games have to played be extremely
interesting, with many elements for the risk management.  But let's begin to look at the three questions
we have to answer.

1)     
I
played the game and figure out how serious is the risk management role in
today's society in a country. How a country can prevent the natural disasters
but also manages to still achieve but development and be protected from the
risk difference runs. The correct allocation of resources in a country or in an
institution. And the avoidance of course a big shock.  Big role in the game was to understand three
key concepts of knowledge, protection, and insurance. First for knowledge is
very important to know the risks of a country because that would allow preventing
the worst that can happen to a country. If you know the risk the chances of us
has to happen then be passed to the next stage and to choose how we do the
proper distribution of resources between safety and security. The protection
can certainly give us Unsure that the blow that will accept it will not be too
big but the insurance can cover us in financial terms so that we can post
resumes fast timescales. The movements should do should be done in a short time
and be proportionate to the knowledge that we have acquired for risk. Because
any delay may result in greater risk exposure.

2)      The first time I played that game I
gave more attention to developing and of course the whole effort was led to
disaster. But myself create the urge to play again taking into account all factors
as shaped by the environment as to give greater attention to safety and
security to better manage their time and resources (money).  I had on my hands and with this change we
managed to get to level 4. I must say that the greater role played in all this
knowledge that was the first step in order to proceed to the next subsequent as
I said quality over the safety and security and of course the results from the
choices made. And these were basic and what I have gained valuable knowledge
that you know what will happen will enable to avoid or confront how easily.

3)       I would suggest some changes to the game which
will mainly having to do with the level of the construction of buildings. We
will try to have two types of buildings from which one would have more and
faster development and the other guy would be more resistant Joined natural
disaster So I think I would put him in playing the game to choose from Further
in money and less exposure to risk. Also I will try to acquire around the
knowledge of the risk that comes somewhat worse.

The country in which I live is experiencing the 6th year of economic
crisis and we live a little difficult situations but consider government last
years there have attempted to protect Greece from the financial crises. And all
this brought the country's economy to this level. For this reason it is
considered that the economic crisis was like meteors and the construction that
we saw in games like Greek Bank System. But which did not have the knowledge
to protect by the economic crisis was coming and of course neither the
government tried to protect.