3116208


Ans 1. The goal in the game is to reach a certain level of developmental output.
We see that comets damage our contributing units thereby hampering growth and
drastically reducing development. Risk management plays a pivotal role here.
The three key areas of research, insurance and protection worked together towards
reducing the negative impact due to comets to as less as possible. This,
however, came with a lot of dilemmas and trade offs. Firstly, involving myself
in protecting the community against potential danger costed me the valuable
time that could have been spent in making or upgrading pods that would
contribute to development. Every time a comet struck, I was pushed certain
levels down on protection. But it still proved to be the most effective measure
of avoiding damage. Secondly, research was a significant help in order to gain
time to make community connections. For comets with high chances of hit and
severity higher than the protection I had offered, research was imperative for
damage control. However, with a lot of comets approaching simultaneously, I had
to choose to research only about those that had high severity and chances of
hits. Thirdly, the insurance cost a lot of money which could otherwise have
been spent on protection and building/upgrading. It also proved to be futile at
times because due to adequate research and protection mechanisms the pods faced
no damage at all, thereby wasting the money spent on insurance. However this
mode could not be completely overlooked because when a comet struck, the costs
of coping were drastically lesser than they would be without insurance.


Ans 2. When I played my game again after losing level 3 for the first time, I
had realized that I needed to spend more money on making and upgrading pods
because eventually that is what was contributing to my development bar.
Initially I progressed with a minimum level of pods and spent all my money and
time in protecting the small productive population. Which was clearly not
working. Once I built more and upgraded more pods, development happened faster
making me reach my required mark in time.
The world of Alora  provided in a concise
and succinct manner how policy makers around the world decide the fate of a
country’s development by balancing investment between inputs that provide
tangible advantages and others that are directed towards far sighted benefits.  The main things I learnt are as follows :-
1. Investment in increasing the productive population and in increasing the
productivity of the population always pays off in the developmental index.
2. Knowledge or research about an impending disaster helps reduce uncertainty,
aids effective decision making and choices alongwith making coping easier.
3. Protection reduces the magnitude of negative impact and lessens the blow to
the developmental index. 
4. Presence of insurance, though costly, immensely aids coping as compared to
the absence of it.
5. The above together, make any community prepared for a risk. The more
effectively prepared a community is, the lesser damage a risk can cause. And
with that downside already covered, the community can take up the opportunities
that come along with the risk and progress towards growth.
Ans.3  If I were to make amends to the
game, I would want to add a banking sector from which you could loan money in
case you were short of money for building or upgrading or coping activities. This money could be paid back with interest when there was a surplus.