3116251

First of all, I must say, though simple
and basic the game was, I think it was a very practical and playful way to demonstrate
the aspects of risk and opportunity in a development context. In my opinion, I
would say risk management in the game played the dual roles of providing an
enabling and conducive environment for the development of the community but
also providing a framework of knowledge, protection, insurance and coping after
every disaster. Having never played the game before, coupled with the very
short time  I spent on the tutorial section to
establish an understanding of the game, I started off with very limited knowledge and know-how, and consequently I failed to make full use of the available
insurance and protection facilities, thereby having to cope with the resulting
initial disasters I registered. As I progressed with the game, my ‘indigenous’
knowledge of the  development processes of the environment generally
improved, with a correlating increase in my use of the available protection
and insurance facilities, which resulted in a smooth and less disaster-prone
development of the community. 

I had the opportunity to play the
game more than once and noticeably, what I did differently after the first
attempt was to make use of the early warning signal of impending danger, then synchronizing
this with adequate levels of protection and insurance to ensure the sustainable
development of the community. Also, in my first attempt, I focused more on
winning the game rather than making use of the available risk management
aspects provided. After the first attempt, I employed a more holistic approach which
included a desire to make progress, make use of available protection and
insurance, and also to a resilience to cope and move on in the event of an
unavoidable disaster. A discovery I also made was that a reduced risk aversion
presented an opportunity to enhance my knowledge of the risk management
processes. A behavioral aspect of undermining the risk involved also characterized
my first attempt, but this generally waned off as I realized my community
development processes were still prone to risk and disaster, even after I thought I had a handle on using the protection and insurance facilities.

While it was feasible to make
progress after developing a mastery of using the protection and insurance
options available, I would suggest an improved version of the game which will feature more
than one source of threat to the community, and for every threat there should
be a unique early warning signal and a different combination of protection and
insurance choices to mitigate the risk involved. I believe a unique early warning system for each threat would trigger a particular risk-management process. The reasoning here is that, I believe risk management processes in communities around the world hardly only target a specific risk. A single shock could result in several risks facing a community simultaneously. 