3128623

The game is about risk management because you have a goal: to develop a city; but you have a very importan risk that threatening the fullfilment of your goal that is: comets. Then you can't avoid falling comets but you can find a way that comets do the least damage to your buildings and continue developing your city. To achieve your goal, you need to balance development, knowledge, protection and insurance; to make decision and managing time. In terms of insurance the game was not difficult because you could invest in the best protection in the beginning of the level and you don't need to worry about that anymore. The problem was in terms of knowledge and protection because both require time, and if you decide to invest in knowledge you lose time to build up, or if you decide to invest your time in protection your lose the opportunity to invest in knowledge. Both options were expensive in terms of time and it was very difficult to balance and take the best decisions to achive the final goal.I played the game like 10 times and I thought it would be easier for me because I use to play strategy games
 but it was very difficult and frustrated because despite of change mi 
strategy so many times I couldn't find the way to pass the level 2. My 
first strategy was invest all my time and money in insurance and construction to reach the goal before a comet could cause a big damage, but wasn't enough because the game is designed to pass the level only if you invest in knowledge and also protection. My 
second strategy was invest my time and money in construction, insurance and 
protection but it wasn't enough because if you don't invest in knowledge
 you can pass the level. So, I tried to balance all the factors but it 
was really difficult because of the time. The best think I learned from 
the game is that balance and a quick decision making is the better 
option but it's difficult to achive the balance. If I could change the game I would like to add multitasking to the game, that its to say, could be good if while you gain knowledge about the comets you could invest your time at the same time in protection. And, managing risk is about collaboration, so, if the game could be play in teams it would be a better example of managing risk