3152510

The main goal of this game is to represent all the issues we have to deal with and all the factors involved when trying to apply it to risk management. Risk management is a concept hard to attain because it means we have to pay a balanced attention to all the factors that we need to protect and watch out. The first step we needed to consider was to contract an insurance service, as we knew all the expenses that being unprotected carried with it. It affected mainly, the money available for completing additional processes, such as developing a larger city, but indeed, provided a large benefit as it protected the city for a longer time, reducing the costs associated with reconstruction.Being prepared means being aware of our surroundings and the impact they have on our daily life. As lived during the game, research should not be the only process we do to protect us, as if we do not have insurance service to recover from impacts, the money available will be less. In the same way, if we do not consider the amount of risk we are getting into, we are unable to measure our ability to protect ourselves and to have time to do so and act accordingly. Mainly, I think we should learn about the way these factors are interrelated so we can proceed and start making these adjustments in a proper manner and time. The links that tie the community are very important to be considered as part of the plan. The routine of creating a community where all the members are interrelated and work together to protect themselves in case of an event or crisis, helps to achive progress and development faster than the usual rate. Research has a direct link to these community ties, which means that as long as we have enough information from valid sources, we can take care of any communities as long as they need. Than means also that, in the real life, as long as we allow members of the community to take empowerment on their activities, they will be able to progress immediately. As this game is a representation of real life, it does not consider all the factors that might have a repercusion on the way the population deals with this natural disasters. Most of time, population is afraid of everything that happens and does not know how the environmental situations have a direct effect on their quality of life. By saying this I mean that while trying to prevent the damage on the population or the negative effects of not completing an accurate research, we could have forgotten about protecting the place just bay raising it a little. Excess of data input could have made the game harder to play than any other game, but that is how real life actually works. For making it a game closer to real life, I would modify the inputs. Somehow, while explaining how this game works, I would let know the player that all these factors are interrelated and that all of them have an impact on the health of the city or the village. By using regular reminders, I would explain that protecting the city by raising it  can reduce the amount of damage caused and the expenses involved on reconstructing the place, as much as the time invested on reconstructing. Mostly, as this game is like a time management game where the rules are handled by risk, I would take the change and reléase some capsules with theoretical information about risk during the game, so we can reinforce the topics reviewed during the week. 