3184355

1.) I had several opportunities to confront
risk in the game. The role of risk management was to identify the risk,
research the possibility of potential loss (gain knowledge), build up
protection against the consequences and if protection is not adequate, help
coping with its consequences (insurance). I had to balance my resources very
carefully between development, insurance and protection and also research of
risks. At first, I invested in the highest insurance option and built high
level of protection in the cost of development. Buying insurance and building
up protection took a huge amount of resources from development which hindered
future income badly.

However, protection and insurance saved a lot
of resources for later development.Some aspects of the game in terms of risk management (course material week 3) can be identified as follows:protection of the hubs from the flood is the prevention and preparedness, which should be the most important effort to take, instead of the latter two:insurance of damage is identified as the reconstruction relief, which is also a very important asset and should not be missed, as there might be no adequate level of protection existsrepairing damaged hubs could be also called as emergency response, which should be minimum, compared to the level of the first two undertakings.2.) I tried several methods to balance between
types of risk management and development. For example: high level insurance
with low level protection didn’t pay out very well, as I always received some
damage. Researching risks helped to calculate the necessary level of
protection, as high chance risks with minimum potential loss did not require
costly protection or insurance, which would have taken valuable resources from
development. On the other hand, low chance risks with high potential loss could
not be taken lightly, as I received huge losses from low chance and high severity
risks.

Investing only in development with low level
insurance and protection, lead to high damages which I couldn't be mitigated
efficiently. Research also didn’t
 help a lot to avoid losses when I only focused on knowledge
briefly. What I learned is protection
from risk is the best way to avoid any losses whatsoever but alone is not
enough to provide safety. Insurance
is also needed to mitigate losses, combined with knowledge of risks to
estimate the necessary level of insurance.

At one moment I was very angry at the game,
because a very low chance damage actually hit and caused huge losses, which
ruined my chances to complete lvl 5. Then I realized, that the game is not
unfair or at least not more, than real life itself. I should not underestimate
risk, as no matter how low is the chance for damage, it could actually
happen. So, even very low chance risks need to be prepared for with adequate level of research,
protection and insurance.

3.) I think it would help to numerate future
income from development (of hubs). As real life actors have better knowledge of
the actual cost and its economical effect of protection and insurance on
development and future income, I would like to see what level of income
different level of hubs earn. It would help to calculate, whether investment in
development or investment in protection and insurance would help more in
reaching future goals.I would also implement differentiation in the level of
protection for different hubs. For example, higher protection for lower cost
for only several, chosen hubs would help to focus protection on the most
important assets (as shelters in real life against floods, tornadoes, etc. to
protect the most precious “asset”, human life).

