318546

This risk management game simulates decision making processes where one cannot have all of the ideal conditions or be able to pick all of the wisest decisions in unison. Difficult choices must be made, with both intended and unintended consequences. The game was educational and fun to play, and I played to date 4 times. Discussed below are the manners in which I did play the game and how the strategy changed over time with the new consequences highlighted.When I first began playing the Risk Horizon game, I did not purchase any insurance just to see if it were possible to build as many pods as possible and then begin to upgrade afterwards. I also clustered the pods close together. These aforementioned measures, were both examples was a poor strategy indeed and it resulted in my losing level 2. The next time I played I still did not purchase insurance but I did focus only on building a few pods and then I worried about upgrading as fast as I could to increase earnings from property values. This aforementioned strategy also resulted in me losing level 2. It was not until I purchased insurance (the most expensive but most comprehensive kind) and I focused on building a median amount of pods quite distant from each other, with a focus on upgrading did I make it to level 3. The addition of insurance seems to be the independent variable necessary, where rebuilding was subsidized and recouping losses was more manageable. I saw a number of opportunity costs, which according to Investopedia (2014) means, and I quote: "The cost of an alternative that must be forgone in order to pursue a certain action. Put another way, the benefits you could have received by taking an alternative action." In other words, when I spent more money on insurance and upgrading pods, I could not build as many, or when I built more pods I could not repair as many. Also, in accordance with the course lectures and game description I had diminishing returns, where, as the levels progressed, and pods were fixed, formerly, the associated costs went up and my money lost value over time for repairs to be made.I learned then that insurance is a necessity.If I were to assist in upgrading the game and making it more realistic, I would add pixel augmentation (improve pix-elation for better graphics) and related techniques to make the game more real life and convincing. I would also add a more sophisticated algorithm able to give more detailed and sophisticated instructions so that the game would adapt to individual players and provide more complex, real world challenges. I would add risk from flooding from the water as one example.  Still, I found the game already a challenge, as of yet, I have not moved beyond level 3.References Investopedia (2014) Opportunity Cost. Retrieved from: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/opportunitycost.asp