3195977

1.The word “Horizon” in the game’s title is the key prompt to
one’s understanding of managing risk in this exercise: how must individuals and
their communities adequately prepare in advance for risks and shocks that may or
may not happen in the future?As regards the role of risk management in Risk Horizon, choices made and
trade-offs one needs to make in terms of knowledge, protection and insurance: *The World Development Report 2014 Overview
lists 5 key insights, a useful framework for players to keep in mind 1) Taking on risks is necessary for pursuing
opportunities…Players draw from a monetary pool to establish a habitat
(pod) with goal to build a community of pods over time. Building community
connections, as players successfully move to higher levels, helps shield them
from potential shocks (damage from striking comets). The pod habitats are in a
potentially treacherous environment so setting up a community entails a risk,
but also opportunities for the community overall. By not building up the pod
community, the players are leaving themselves more vulnerable to shocks without
assistance of “neighbors”. 2) To confront
risk successfully, ad hoc responses won’t work; rather individuals must be “…proactive,
systematic and integrated…” in their risk management... Players must
constantly be reviewing their resources at hand, making sure they have
protection (insurance) and upgrade pods to bear inevitable comet strikes which
may damage pods and require
repair. Players must constantly monitor short and long term risks to property
with all available information at hand and costs associated with inadequate
preparation. 3) Identifying risks must go hand-in-hand with identifying “…trade-offs
and obstacles to risk management…” A classic scenario in Risk Horizon that
illustrates need for constant monitoring of state of pod properties and comet
threats: There are 20 seconds left for the player to achieve the level needed
to advance and he has nearly depleted his budget on unnecessary insurance, but
still must have money for to cover any repairs before time runs out 4) For risks “…beyond the means of individuals
to handle alone, risk management requires shared action…from the household to
the international community...” This idea was covered already - players
control both individual and community pods. 5) “Governments have a critical role in managing systemic risks…”
Again, ditto #4 point.2.I achieved level 4 after several tries. The sessions were
stressful having to juggle simultaneously, spending budget for pod properties, protecting
the pods with purchase of necessary insurance and upgrades and coping with damage
caused by striking comets. Until I reached the minimum desired level to earn the
maximum score, I had to start over from the beginning. This turned out to be a
valuable learning experience because I was able to assess my inadequate balancing
of resources and protection of my pods that prevented me from meeting the “bar”.
The main take away from the game: one cannot be complacent when gauging short
or long term risks to personal and community well-being.  No one is invulnerable to risks from natural
disasters, loss of employment etc. but one must do everything in one’s power to
avoid or mitigate the risk.3.  I envision a 2.0
version involving multiple players having input in building up of the community
and perhaps with option to represent citizenry on local level or as
representatives from the international community.  I would also recommend in future versions of
the game option for players to choose their landscapes that mirror their own
community; and perhaps even choose more reality-based threats as opposed to
comets. 











(*Source material World
Development Report 2014: Risk and Opportunity Overview p. 4)