3202994

Having attempted this game twice, I saw first-hand with the value of insurance and also research in protecting communities/countries against pending systemic risks (such as the comets). I also found that the cost-benefit analysis insightful in this game because I found that the benefit of having protection against the comets far outweighed the cost of insurance, knowledge and research.The cost of insurance and research did however, prohibit me from upgrading the pods or building new pods from time to time, which was one of the more salient trade-offs I recall. This demonstrates how carefully governments and institutions must weigh the costs of protecting countries/entities against pending risk and development and economic growth in general. Because according to the World Development Report (2014) even when resources (for protection) are available, politicians "are reluctant because the "costs of risk management are immediate, concentrated and observable whereas the benefits are longer term, distributed more broadly and often less visible" (World Development Report, 2014).This game also demonstrated how important it was to know exactly what the severity of the comet would be - because that would determine the extent of the insurance bought. To an extent, it is not entirely possible to know the extent of a risk, which brought to mind the concept of uncertainty of risk as described in the lecture by Stephane Hallegatte. Here, I find the concept of reinsurance as a risk management strategy quite relevant (in the case of short-term insurance companies).If I had the opportunity to play the game again, I would build more pods and upgrade one or two of them some more and buy the appropriate amount of cover. The opportunity to build or upgrade pods was possible if the research and insurance costs were a little more balanced.Initially, I was far too hasty to purchase the most cover and invest all the available funds into research. That's not good for development (or even prosperity). So in a future game, I would first build a few pods, invest an initial amount into researching the comet thoroughly, study the severity and then decide how much insurance is required. I will also bear previous comets in mind with the view to determining the extent to which it will hit again. I would suggest the inclusion of early warning systems into this game. This is another form of mitigating risk, which may aid in the preparation of resources against pending risk (like comets) in the game.