3227122

Role: Protecting the community from the falling comets. The communities will be destroyed if a comet with high severity falls on it. The community should be well prepared to assess the impact, prepare for it and by taking insurance reduce the intensity of post impact.The Research will help in accessing the intensity of the impact and its likelihood of hitting the community. This research will help in deciding the choice of insurance to be taken and help in maintaining the sufficient finance to carry out the repair works at the later stage.Based on the knowledge, insurance is selected and based on the insurance, the financial protection of the community is planned and managed.Preparation for risk, help in minimizing the impact of comet hit by understanding the severity and likely chance to hit and it also helps in reducing the financial burden in repairing and rebuilding the community after the comet hit. Knowledge about the time of hit will help in relocating the population to a new place on temporary basis will save life of beings.During the first play, the importance was given only to the community growth and the knowledge and protection was neglected. Later assessing the impact the comet hit has created and the financial burden it has caused in the post impact stage, the importance was given to the protection and insurance. By taking insurance, the financial stability was achieved and it helped in developing the community for higher standards (upgradation) as well as in balancing the finances for new developments and for insurance  research in the next stage. However to decide the level of protection required and to assess the level of impact, the knowledge on severity and likely chance of hit is required. For this the research needs to be carried out. In the successive games more weight-age is given to research as it helps in deciding other various factors. During every successive attempt, more and more balance is made between knowledge, protection insurance and development.Learning: Optimisation and balancing will help. Excessive financial strength may also collapse with a single comet hit. Lack of knowledge and preparation will have adverse effects on the consequences. It is always better to take an insurance so that the risk can be transferred or shared and the impact can be minimized. Missing comet hit is the opportunity which can be utilized for the community development.This game doesn't support for multiple options at a time such as protect the community by raising the level and at the same continue the research on comets. Even though the community is capable of doing many things at the same time, it is restricted to do it in the game causing the time constraint. Particularly the comets with high severity coming at the end of a level is hampering all the development and there is no further time to recover from the collapse of the community. I may considering adding parallel activities in the game such as protection and research.My place is prone to heavy rainfall during monsoon and also more land slides take place during that time. So the community should be well prepared for the rainfall by readying the drainage system for the smooth flow of water, the pot holes to be filled to avoid water logging, a survey to be carried out to check for any choking of the drains that may block the flow etc. Risk Management always helps in minimizing the impact and sometimes also provides opportunities for growth. 