3242796

It was a really interesting game. Although at the moment I couldn’t
go beyond level 2, I plan to reach level 6 whenever I find time enough to spare
for that. It reminded me of the games SimCity, Age of Empires and Build City etc
which I used to play during my school days. The games used to teach me lessons
of resource management in an entertaining fashion. I would like to suggest the
game “risk horizon” to be given to managers with customized risk and the
respective management parameters.

The risk being faced in the game was a trailer of one of the
many risks we may face in our lives. In terms of trade-off, protection was the
most important element. However, as it invited negative impression from the
stakeholders so it had to be limited in its usage i.e. doing too much of it can
make turn the bar more reddish. Protection is important but in a lively environment
protection must run parallel to the developmental activities. This can’t hamper
the progress work on protection can make.

The two main to-do elements were preparing for comets and
managing the post-comet hit scenarios. Both of them were to be addressed by the
metrics research, protection and insurance. I would like to weigh insurance and
research over protection and so was the flavor given by the game.

After the first turn, I realized that we ought to make some modifications
in the priorities. The first time I played the game I concluded that protection
should be given more and more time. However, this notion got modified to a
pretty much instant and the priority was development and insurance before the
protection strategies. I learned that development, community engagement and
financial insurance are the key to developing risk. I have came to a point if
our priority is to make protection priority to any developmental plans then we
should engineer the strategy after making it certain that people are no more
getting affected by it. Or, in other words, the population should be minimum
when working on protection mechanisms. I have experienced that any sort of
pre-event community protection measures are disliked by the public for the time
being. However, in our society, which is facing plenty of issues I have noticed
that people do welcome any sort of risk-minimizing measures being done by the
government or regulatory authorities.

In case I am given free hand to amend the game so that it
can focus the risks being faced in my area, I will be obliged to include a multidimensional
parameter which addresses security, natural disasters and unemployment etc. To
do this, I will replicate the risks of last 5 years which the people in my area
faced. Then I will superimpose the data of different years and the most
frequently encountered risks will be addressed. It can be an interesting
project to prepare a game based on the real-world risks we might face. It would
be greater if we customize various risks and enter their data from previous
annual records and give user a choice to choose custom risks and risk
mitigating parameters. Ideally, such project can mimic any risk management
scenario in any of the world’s parts. 

 I have made up a plan
to list down the risks which I may face in near future and their effective
coping strategies. I am of the view that a strategy table can be an effective
tool in doing so. The strategy table will be used to prioritize various
strategies and hence select the optimal one. I hope to be acquainted with more
risk-management games in such course.