3265429

In this
game, my decision
taking was based on the analysis of the profits represented by the left green
indicator. Investments in assets and their upgrade what closely linked to the
money investment strategy along with the timing. In parallel to those
investments, i managed the information gathering on the meteors. The more time
was spent monitoring a meteor track, the more precise and predictable became
this threat. It allowed me to choose the most time sensitive meteor, and led my
investment in security, in order to avoid as soon as possible negative
outcomes.

No sooner
had i invested in developing my houses than i invested  extra money in protections from waves. And as
i had to make priorities between those two aspects, i assessed impact and
likelihood and made fast balances between investments and risk avoidance, as
the resources became very limited as of the level 4.

 

I played the
game several times. The major change in the strategy that occurred, was the use
of insurance. Indeed, i invested massively to create incomes and used marginal
investments in risk avoidance when i had a clear prioritization of the threats.

Past
the level 3, investment in insurance became factor in case of flooding (lack of information on likelihood of major meteor impact). There is a point
from which investment in insurance is more profitable than investment in
raising defences as time becomes critical, and doesn’t guarantee an efficient
protection again meteor that has the maximum impact on the village.

 

Therefore,
if i had to help improving such a game, I would:

-      
Change
the general presentation of the game by designing a dedicated window, in order
to avoid the effect « up-and-down » on the screen by scroll
inadvertently on a track pad.

-      
I
would change the aspect (colours, or more distinctive shapes) of the houses
between the upgrades, because i spent a lot of time clicking on each one to see
what will be the cost of the next upgrade. Perhaps, those costs could remain
present on each house, as a permanent indicator. 

-      
Allow
the selection of the insurance level during the game (it could be a problem
from my navigator, but i couldn’t modify another insurance level after my first
choice in the beginning of the game).

-      
I
would change the system of insurance by substituting a fixed compensation,
instead of the ratio applied to the costs of damages.