3269620

The risk management role in the game, Risk Horizon, is to minimize the adverse affects of a risk, which is the collision of comets on an island, and the consequent damage to the pods that have been built on the island.   

The game provides the player a sum of money to build the pods.  Each pod has a cost to build, and as these pods are built, the initial sum is reduced by the cost of the built pod.  While pod building, comets appear in the sky, headed for the island.  To win the game, the player needs to build pods to a designated value and protect the built pods from losing value below this needed value. Pod value is reduced by damage done by colliding comets.  The player has 2 and 1/2 minutes to achieve the need value.

Each comet, as it appears in the sky, has knowledge associated with it.  This knowledge includes the damage severity to the pods if the comet collides with the island and the chance of comet collision.  The player needs to use this knowledge to decide on options the player has to minimize the damage that a collided comet will have on the built pods.

The options to minimize the damage to the pods from the comets are to obtain protection and/or to obtain insurance.  The player can obtain protection, but to do so requires time.  Time is important because the game lasts only 2 and 1/2 minutes.  Obtaining protection requires substantial time that could otherwise be used to build pods.   In order to win the game, the total value of the pods built needs to reach a designated level within the 2 and 1/2 minutes.

However, increasing the pod-built total value takes time.  So, there is a time-used tradeoff between building pods and obtaining protection.  Obtaining too much protection might mean not leave enough time building pods to reach the required pod-built value.  Not enough time building protection increases the potential damage to the built pods when a comet collides with the island.

The knowledge provided to the player on each comet is crucial in deciding how much protection should be obtained. The knowledge includes the damage severity on the built pods if the comet hits the island and the chance of island collision by the comet.  This knowledge is a guide to the player on how much time to build up protection – the higher the severity and the collision chance – the more protection (and time) needed.

Should a collision seem likely, and if the player believes that protection may be insufficient to minimize the pod damage on collision, the player can buy insurance, using up some of the funds and time otherwise needed to build pods.  The purchased insurance, however, will reduce the severity of the pod damage from the colliding comet and protect some of the value of the pods.

The strategy I would use, and eventually did use, after playing the game initially, would be to obtain sufficient protection where comets with high damage severity and collision chance appear.  

A key point learned is to quickly obtain knowledge on each comet and to be concerned about those comets that have high severity damage and collision chance.

In a new version of the game, I would put more emphasis on being able to reduce the chance of collision as I acquired more knowledge about the risk (the comet).  This new aspect to the game models well actual conditions where more knowledge often helps prevent the risk (the collision) from taking place.

