3294316

I have approached
this original new way of measuring our capabilities dealing with risk and
opportunity with an open mind, as I am always used to quizzes rather than games
for grading.

1  The original role of risk management in this
game was dealing with development pods as well as dealing with falling comets
affecting your development.

As you have
in real life you have to control balance among knowledge, protection, and
insurance. You can’t rely only in one of the abilities presented in the game.
As it would happen also in real life, prepare to confront floods (for example)
and also dealing with them when they occur and with the best response given the
tools you have developed.

My choices
made along the game would be the same I would use in real life. Approach
development on an escalated basis; try first to build as many pods as you can
to match development with the timeframe and then the complexity of balance. As
in real crises you have a time horizon and a given budget and you have to stick
to it, mixing that with the best of your abilities and with the resources and
tools given is the key.

Confronting
risk by preparing for risk (protection with the tool of raising the island) and
coping with its consequences (insurance gives pods a cheaper and quicker way of
repairing) is necessary to reduce losses and pursue opportunities (knowledge
and research in the game). Preparation for risk always affects development but
its consequences require some time to be appreciated. 

2  I did the
game four times. My best scores were on my first and my last tries. I reach
level 4/6. With my 3 and 4 tries I concentrated on different applications on
the tools given, as you do in real life risk management you learn and apply the
experience you gain from the events you are enfolded with. Tries 3 and 4 were
just training ones, experience with ideas rather than focusing on time and
wining the game.

 I learned not to lean too much on one or two
tools. Also to gain as much as you can from the balance of the tools you’re
given (I this game you have knowledge, protection, and insurance but in real
events you can have any other) progress trough balance. The most important is
left for the end, knowledge and experience from past events always puts you and
your management on the right track to success. 

3  I would aggregate experience. Experience is a
vital tool for risk management, risk is the possibility of loss and we can
learn better from the losses rather than from victories. That fact is expanded
to any places I have lived in. So after playing the game I would aggregate another
measurement based on well played experience, in order not to accumulate points
by just trying but from wise planning, trying and developing knowledge on the
given assignment.

 Risk management can enhance people’s
prosperity by increasing their willingness to undertake new prospective
opportunities that may entail more risk but also offer more potential benefits,
experience have given us that vital lesson.

 

