3296733

Question:What was the role of risk
management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you
confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 Answer:The role of Risk Management in the game was with
respect to the chances of losses due to the meteor hits or the opportunity loss
(of the money available with us initially) and the choices available with us to
increase our revenue (by building or upgrading pods) or avoid losses (by
researching on the comets, buy insurance or raise the protection level of the
island).

Additionally the instructions and the tutorial were
not very helpful to learn the game either and I had to learn the nuances of the
game by playing (and losing) repeatedly. I did some reflection after one or two
games and got some feel on the game concepts.

Initially I tried to build more pods (and did not
have the time to upgrade them) and without either buying insurance or
researching the comets just kept raising the protection level to save them from
the comet related damages. I had to spend substantially to just save the pods
and hence lost the game. 

In the next try, I went in for building a few pods, upgrade
them, buy insurance and spend some time in the risk research and spend a few
for protection level increase. I still did get some damages but overall the
game was won probably as I was balancing all (developing, upgrading and risk
management using all 3 tools) in some kind of proportion.

 Question:If
you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? What were the main things you learned from the game?

Answer: I did play the game many times, initially to learn
the game by playing. However after learning how to play in the first game I focused
only on one type of development activity and one type of risk management
activity. After that I had tried combinations of different proportions of these
activities. For example, instead of building pods all over, build a few and
upgrade them. Instead of only working on increasing protection level, use
research, insurance and protection level in different combinations.

I learnt that to win you have to invest in assets
(build pods, upgrade them) that enable revenue flow. At the same time you need
to also invest time and money to manage the risks to these assets, by a
balanced combination of risk research, insurance and risk mitigation (raising protection
level). However as the overall money and the time available to you also are not
unlimited, you have to balance all these (investing in development activities as
well as risk management activities).

Question:
What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices
that matter in the place you live?

Answer:I find that I do not have any idea about the likely impact
of the risk after I utilize the risk management methods available in the game.
It is easier to make a decision if I get a real time sense of the risk impact.

I will probably opt
for another status indicator that represents the combined effects of all three methods
may be as a number.