329922

1) The role of risk management was to effectively protect and develop the pods to higher levels by utilizing the available resources efficiently to balance research, protection and insurance levels without affecting the growth. Some of the choices that I made are performing more research and increasing the knowledge about the meteors(risk) so that there is enough time to increase the community support and thereby increasing the protection without actually buying protection which saved resources and thereby helped in faster development, increasing knowledge and protection to neutralize the damage which saved insurance money, buying insurances when there was not enough time to research or not enough resources to buy protection there by reducing the damage, spending more time on researching risks with higher severity and chances of hit ranks sometimes lead to wastage of research time since the meteors didn't hit at the end and not doing enough research on low chances of hit meteors lead to damage since those meteors end up hitting at the end. The trade-offs that I confronted are whether to spend the resources to increase the protection level and have little or no insurance or try to increase the insurance and depend on research to increase protection which will save resources upfront that will help faster development and insurance will decrease the damage, whether to research a short-term risk with lower severity and higher chances of hit or to research a long-term risk with high severity and low chance of hit etc. whether to always maintain a higher protection level by spending more resources to avoid risk totally or to prepare for effective post risk situation through insurance for reducing the damage and getting back to development quickly by letting the risk to hit or happen. Buying maximum protection and insurance upfront without exactly knowing the severity of the risk and lead to wastage of resources in the initial stage that effected development. Too much of focus on risk avoidance might also be wasteful if the risk didn't happen. Having maximum insurance without proper protection also increased damages. Since, development has to happen within the specified time limit spending too much resource with out proper research and knowledge of how to handle each risk affected the development. 2) I played the many times and every time I learned something new and changed my strategies every time. There is always room for improving or perfecting risk management techniques. First time I didn't have complete knowledge about the game then I didn't focus on the development level and time limit then I spent a lot on increasing the protection and having maximum insurance to mitigate risk but failed to develop then I had maximum insurance and did research but failed to have good protection etc., After many iteration I was able to find an optimal solution that had a good balance of growth, knowledge, protection and insurance.I learnt that all the elements of risk management are equally important and above all development is more important than just risk management alone. First thing that is needed is enough knowledge about the risk and how to mitigate the risk. I also learnt that there are situations that are so uncertain that it is difficult to fully prepare for it but it is necessary to learn from the previous experiences and try to reduce the damage so the recovery can be made easier.3) I think the game has already covered all the aspects of risk management choices in my place and I don't think there is anything that I would want to change.