3322065

I thought the Risk Horizon game was really interesting and challenging.  I have to admit, that it took me six attempts to be able to get into the 5th round!  With that being said, here's the reflections on the game based on the questions:1) I thought the role of risk management in the game was acknowledging that there are certain trade-offs which need to be considered prior to taking effective action against the risks being presented with the rewards necessary to continue the game.  For example, do you spend your time on development without worrying about the protective qualities of insurance, research, and protection?  Or do you continue to enhance existing processes in order to generate potentially higher returns or do you seek to spread the risk out through multiple pods?  If you spent too much time on protection vs. pod development, you clearly were not going to meet the overall objectives of securing enough water to make it into the next round.  Ultimately, I found that I had to take a balanced approach.  This should have been readily apparent from the videos and reading for this week, but I found it much more difficult to put into practice during the game than theoretical engagement.  2)  As noted above, I played the game 6 times in order to get safely past round 4.  My first attempt saw me flaming out at round 2 due to establishing too many pods at the risk of not securing enough protection.  I had plenty of insurance, but did not conduct enough research to recognize that insurance was going to help me pay for repairs, but not protect me from the risk.  So, when a comet crashed and my multiple pods were damaged, it was much less expensive to recover, but I did not have enough time to complete repairs to get all the pods back online.  Attempt number two and I made it to round 3, but this time began to focus on limiting the number of pods in order to develop each one more fully.  Disaster struck when I inadvertently created a couple additional base-level pods through errant mouse-clicking!  Attempt 3 saw me get into round 4, but simply ran out of time to pass, and again, I was keeping with my four pod strategy with heavy development of each.  Attempts 4 and 5 brought me back to rounds 3 with disaster although I came to appreciate research, but would make a strategic mistake of investing too much time in focusing on risks which ended up not materializing.  At that point, I began to despair of ever getting past round 4 and then began to analyze the strategies I had chosen.  Upon reflection, I decided to develop the maximum number of pods early and then slowly balance their growth with effective risk management of research, insurance (especially when confronted with fast moving, high impact comets), and protection which matched the possible impact.  I only missed out on making it into round 6 when a colleague came to my desk and began asking me a work related question, causing me to lose about 45 seconds of development time!3)  With regard to game modifications, let me first start by stating that I thought the game was very well engineered to get risk management concepts across.  It didn't give away the answers too quickly and therefore caused me to have to think about how to manage my game play more effectively.  If I were adjusting the game, I would probably more it a little more complex in terms of adding incremental risks across the different levels, and/or allow the player to be more proactive in preparing for future risks.   