332367

The main takeaway that I got from the game is the need to balance between development and risk management. Not all the risks are the same. Each level of action (knowledge, protection and insurance) brought in different advantages and disadvantages. Although insurance is useful and my first thought was to get the best insurance out there, it did not help me in the short term, instead it just depleted my funds unecessarily based on the approaching risk. What I learnt then is a minimum insurance is necessary, but medium to high is unecessary if you have other measures like protection and knowledge working together. Knowledge or research as its called in the game, was useful to minimise the risk, the more knowledge one had of the impending comet, the better prepared and hence reduces the severity and likelihood of critical hits by the comet. Furthermore, if ample research has been conducted before the comet hits, there is likelihood to prepare and educate the inhabitants about the comet beforehand but also repairing the damage once the comet hit. The element of "community" where the villagers stay connected to each other helped with reducing loss from the damage caused by the comet. However, spending too much time on research was also detrimental if the knowledge learnt is not being used to develop or build the properties and upgrade them at the same time. With regards to the protection element in the game,raising the level of protection based on the severity of the incoming comet, did help to a certain extent because it increased the likelihood of "misses" by the comet but also the severity of impact. In terms of which risk preparation, increasing the level of protection utilised the most resources and slowed down development. This is because resources was being diverted to protection instead of development, which in turn meant economic progress was slowed and this impacted the city's finances and ability to grow. Research was useful to be done at the beginning of risk preparation and kept on an ongoing basis, learning from each comet hits, to improve the city's protection and coping mechanism. Using insurance reflected a need for a long term view to protect for future risks, and as mentioned earlier even a minimum level of insurance creates benefits that outweigh its cost and its cheaper to buy insurance earlier on then later when there is full development of the house as the insurance premiums rise substantially.Having played the game several times, the knowledge that I learnt from each failure at a level, helped me progress to the next. Initially, I was very conservative with risk management - buying the most expensive insurance, raising the level of protection to the highest and utilising a lot of research, but I found it was detrimental to development as I was always in the "red". So I tried different combinations between these 3 risk management strategies and once I struck a balance, I focused on the development and building more advanced buildings and this helped improve overall health of the city.In a newer version of the game, improvement in the tecniques to detect the impending comet would be useful. This can be done by increasing in technology investment. Another could be the skills obtained in handling disasters as the city becomes more resilient, they are better placed to handle future disasters. Finally, the ability to seek help from neighbouring cities/countries. In the place where I live, we are often struck by heavy floods and often rely on cooperation between the government, aid agencies and donor help from countries abroad.