3327074

The main goal was to build and upgrade the pods. Risk management consisted of protecting the pods from being damaged by comets(risks) and in case of a hit repairing the pods. The choices involved spending money on developing and upgrading the pods, researching the comets to gain knowledge about its severity and chance of a hit, buying insurance and also protecting the pods by raising the level. Initially I focused on building as many pods as I could. Then I spent time intermittently  researching the comets so that in case of a hit, I had sufficient time for building community protections and upgrading the built pods so as to reach the development goal. While researching the comets, depending on the severity I raised the protection bar accordingly. If I spent too much time on risk preparation tasks like on researching comets or raising the protection bar, I didn't have enough time for development. Likewise if I spent too much money on insurance or protection, I didn't have enough money to invest in development. The first time I played I didn't focus much on research instead I focused on development, protection and insurance. Because of that even on being hit by a comet I didn't have enough time to build community connections. Thereafter I focused more time and money on developing the pods and researching the comets while having a minimum protection of atleast 4-5 bars which got me through 5 levels. I spent money on buying insurance only in the last 2 levels where the chance of multiple comets hitting at the same time was more. Balance between all the three risk management tasks i.e, knowledge, protection and insurance is necessary to confront the risks. Raising the protection level to the severity of the comet, prevents it from hitting and damaging the pods. Even in case of a hit, damages to the pods can be prevented if sufficient time has been spent on gaining knowledge through researching the comets. Buying insurance helps cut down a part of the repair costs in case of damages to pods. In this game researching the comets gives information about the severity and probability of a hit both of which are relevant to taking decisions with respect to risk management. Whereas in real world not all times historical information about a particular risk is available, for SARS epidemic in 2002-03. This factor could have been incorporated in the game. Dealing with situation where information about the severity and probability of a comet is not available and protection bar can't be raised. Similarly all information available need not necessarily be relevant to confront the risk faced. Effective decision making to confront risks involves being able to distinguish relevant information from the irrelevant information and also using the relevant information effectively. This type of situation could also have been added to the game.
