3332551

The Risk Horizon Game

Essay about my experience with Risk Management

 

This essay has the objective of show my points of view and learning on
this activity of the MOOC Risk Management of Coursera. According to the course
design, I found particularly interesting my role as decision maker in the game.
I had some challenging minutes in the first rounds of the game trying to
understand how to make a proper trade-off within all the variables in my
control. I realized that to win I have to develop my community quickly since I
have a time constraint. Nevertheless; it was very important to keep an eye on
the possible factors that could derail such development. 

 

I know that prevention towards risk is costly but in my opinion it
should be seen as a necessary investment. The preparation naturally takes
resources and time but the lack of it hinders the development for a longer
term. With such idea in mind I have always seen myself as someone willing to
prevent undesirable results. Therefore I started the game always purchasing
insurance to minimize threats. The study of the comets impact gave me a great
perspective on how to assess damage of potential risks with just easy
information. This could easily be translated to other contexts. As I moved
forward in the game I realized that risk management relevance can be easily
transmitted through this kind of instruments. And you can see with an easy tool
how grave could be to neglect potential threats.

 

As I played several rounds of the game trying to improve I started to
make a higher development to just one part of the island. Concentration gives
you focus and gives you strength in my opinion. The results turned the way I
liked it. One I developed in a deeper way some of the pods I moved to other
part of the island covering the territory in a more sequential fashion. I also
tried to concentrate a bit less on raising the island to save a bit more of
resources in order to escalate community development. Another important learning
I developed was the ability to respond quickly in crises connecting the pods to
minimize damage. 

 

If I would be in the role of adding something else to the game to make
the learning more evident I would certainly think in adapt new contexts for
students. I would check how to exemplify risks in a factory, in a services
company, perhaps within a home. The basic rules to understand risk seem
affordable enough to student to adapt them to other scenarios and make in that
way the learning process richer. Just as a closure of this activity I have to
say I deeply enjoyed it. 

