3340534

1 . The name of the game itself is Risk Horizon. I added as many pods as finances would allow and then continued raising the height till the amount reached 0. Next step was to upgrade the pods as this is more profitable. I did not invest in insurance even at level four and found that it was a total waste of money, that could be instead used to raise the height. I managed to reach level 5 using this strategy - Keep on developing fast (Invest all resources on development), any remaining amount that cannot be used to buy or upgrade a pod can be used to raise the level. By this strategy insurance is not required. Once or twice when the pods did get damaged by the comets, I did not notice a huge impact on finances due to the cost of repairs. The damage was never over 20 percent. Therefore I manage the risk by protecting the pods at a higher level. At the initial level upgrading a pod seems to be more productive and also cheaper than adding a new pod.In a different strategy I used maximum insurance instead of raising the ground level. So when the comets hit, not much damage was done. However the cost of buying insurance was equal to the cost of a new pod. I found that I could reach a higher level by totally ignoring insurance.2 . I played the game nearly fifteen times in order to reach level 5. The fact that you have to start from 0 when ever you loose a level made this a very time consuming exercise. What an absolute waste of time. But I still played with different strategies. If I play again I will try buying insurance at the higher levels of the game as the comet seem to be more severe at the higher levels. The maximum insurance possible should be bought at the levels 5 to 6. Insurance also seems to get more expensive with each hit, so I will have to decide on whether I have to spend money on insurance or raising the ground level.3 . If I were to make some changes to the game . I would automate the level raising feature of the game which now I have to keep pressed . This means that while the level is being raised I cannot buy or upgrade the pods. Another change that I would make is to get information about the comets without having to click on them. It would also be nice to know the productivity of each pod in the game so that I can decide whether to upgrade a pod or whether to buy a new pod.