3342722

Risk
and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development

Reflective
Assignment

I
played the game several times to get a feeling of the different
dynamics and strategies one can pursue. Generally, I found that there
are some interesting trade-offs at play in the game. The most
significant being between research and protection because they both
take time whereas insurance can be bought on very short notice
without any downside. But I felt that the most pressing trade-off was
risk management in general and development in general, not so much
different parts within risk management. So it was quite interesting
how to deal with shocks once they had occured (which led to failure
almost all of the time) and how to prioritize development and risk
prevention. I found that preparation for risk and development could
be done simultaneously to some degree. You always had to have some
capital for last-minute insurance as well as keep in mind that
increasing protection cost resources and slowed development. Apart
from that, upgrading pods and risk prevention was in no way mutually
exclusive since one required just a single click.
After
playing once or twice with few buildings and upgrading these
continuously I began to feel that this was not the best strategy. In
my third attempt I used all the plots to build pods first and
upgraded them together which turned out to be way more
cost-effective. But this only concerned development. When it comes to
risk management I definitely learned that prevention is preferrable
because once a shock hit you, you were very unlikely to recover in
time.
To
improve the game, one might consider implementing certain features
which affect the likelihood of a shock to occur. This would capture
the fact that effective risk management can also mean reducing the
vulnerability of a certain population. Also, it might be interesting
to have different plots where pods can be placed. So that the plots
closer to the sea would suffer more severe damages in case of a shock
whereas those further away would be more secure. To make it more
interesting one could make the more vulnerable pods more profitable
in terms of development allowing for a riskier game style.