3343896

What was the role of
risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did
you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 Basically in the
simulation the island has only one source of risk: the meteorites. In real life
the risks are many and from different sources. The game shows us how to make
the correct combination of different economic investment, protection action,
information about threads and insurance as well as community linkage.

 At the first attempt,
I buy the full insurance thinking that this should be the best way to avoid
severe economic impact of the hits. I was wrong! Indeed insurance helps in the
recovery process after the crisis but it is more important to prevent the damage
and get information about the coming meteorites.  

 Then I bought the
minimal insurance, as my father taught me! I invest as much money I could in
building the little house (or whatever it was), try to get as much information
from the coming meteorite, raising the level of the island and make so much
community connection as I could. This strategy worked fine until level 4!

 2 If you played the game
only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?
Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

 Once I got the
tutorial review, I play the game going till stage 4. I didn’t understand well
why I failed on level 5. I suppose risk management is more complex than I
thought! I’ll try again when I have some time left and try to understand how to
reach level beyond 5.

 3 The game captures, in
a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management
choices that matter in the place you live?

 To make the game more
realistic, there should be different types of risks such it happens in real
life. Risk management for a community manager or for a local government is much
complex than playing a game. What is common to all situation are the trade of
type decision: you have limited money and have to invest in local
infrastructure, buy insurance, put on information systems, set up emergency teams
and better the community communication network. 