3381275

          Having played the Risk Horizon game a number of times, I have come to equate Risk Management with Resource Management amidst threats of Shock damages. In the game, there are 2 major limited resources--Time and Money. Time: I had to manage the community until the horizon (marked on the left side gauge) is reached within the time limit set for each level. Money: I had to grow and spend wisely between 3 projects, namely: Development (building and upgrading pods), Protection (raising the platform to build and increase community resilience against the severity of Shocks), and Insurance (reducing the cost of repairs and recovering the lost Time when Shocks do hit).                     At the onset, I wanted to create a beautiful community immediately. I focused Money on Development by building and upgrading a lot of pods while buying the highest offered Insurance.  I thought that approach would be enough to win the game. It wasn't. With low Money supply, I clicked on incoming comets (Shocks) to gain Research (Knowledge) which I noticed lowered the severity of the damages. Despite that, the community still often sustained medium to severe levels of damages. And although the Insurance lowered repair costs and returned lost Time, the Money which I waited for while it replenished and regrew mostly went into Recovery (repair costs). I hardly advanced a level and only survived a short while during the next.          Learning from the experience, I adjusted my approach and game strategy by taking note that Time, Money, and Shocks together makes an inseparable and inevitable package in the game. I still bought Insurance and still did Research (Knowledge). What changed? I paced Development by only building a few pods at a time and upgrading 1 or 2 at a level. I also started to put Money into Protection by raising the level of the community's resilience to the severity of the comets' (Shocks') damages. I also learned that clicking and connecting the pods during a Shock lowers (and at times, zeroes-out) damages at no Money or Time costs. This is tantamount to building and sharing calamity survival support networks within the community. This is an interesting part of the game which I had not known earlier. This new approach, which is mostly a Money trade-off between Development and Protection compared to the old approach, eased advancing a level and lengthened game survival closer to the marked horizon in the next.        The takeaways from playing the Risk Horizon game are learning to temper Development with proper Risk Management and that conscientiousness and patience are indispensable virtues to establishing a beautiful, progressive, and sustainable community.---        The Risk Horizon game simulates situations for learning and gaining appreciation of the advantages of Risk Management. Within its safe in-game environment, the player can experiment with different approaches to managing risks through dealing with Shocks--negative shocks in particular. I suggest putting an in-game element representing positive shocks.        I live in the Philippines--a negative shocks stricken country with a risk averse culture. Everyone here has been made aware of negative shocks more from actual experiences than from theoretical discussions. Along with learning how to prepare and manage risks from negative shocks, gaining useful skills of identifying and leveraging good opportunities from positive shocks will aid in making well-informed and risk-calculated decisions whether in good times or in those not so good ones.