3406351

1a. In the Risk game online, Risk Management played the role of helping detect and plan for the inevitable event of a meteor disaster, which consistently bombards the island. Likewise, progressive preparations and by solidifying the pods based on the level of impact, Research and Protection; which are the decisions necessary to help keep the pods from utmost destruction after the meteor hits and shock wave released. Risk Management also helped me in making important decisions like which pods receives more attention after the damage is done.I learnt that Risk management will help weather the storm of eventualities and keep my investment in progress instead of spending resources on repairing damages, I am able to spend in expanding my investments portfolio and build wealth easily and not trying to start from scratch due to careless research results or inaccurate assessment evauation of my Risks.   b. I made the choices of start building pods far from the edge of island instead of at the coastal fronts.  I also made sure after building pods close to the shores or edge, they receive adequate fortification first before attending to the rest pods offshore.I insured mostly with 50%-75% which covered for most of the damages. And moreover my protection plan (holding the button up) was almost immediately before impact, which enabled me build and reinforce my pods before impact of the meteor.  c. Preparation for Risk affected the development of newer pods because, I had to reinforce the older pods that were to be damaged on impact of a meteor. The insurance of each pod can be increased or reduced depending on the Research carried out on the severity of impact of a meteor; and also the time spent on protection can be ascertained. 2. Since, I played the game more than once I started building my pods at the mainland far from the the shore, because these are the areas that are far from an impact/shock-wave of a meteor and whenever I built a new pod close to the shores I built a better fortification for them.I learnt that since Risks are inevitable due to voluntary and natural causes, then Risk management should also be an inevitable plan by us preparation and cushioning the effects of the impending danger or disaster.    I learnt that Research, helps me access the  magnitude of the Risk and gives me an edge in preparing adequately with Risk management tools e.g Insurance plans, which invariably gives me peace of mind and reduces or takes care of my loss on the advent of a catastrophe. Reinforcing of pods on the mainland helps me reduce damage level of the shock-wave, though it also reduced the building of newer pods.I reduced my insurance plans depending on the results of my Research in accessing an incoming meteor which invariably reduced my cost on the insurance and left me enough money to spend on building and reinforcing more pods that needs attention.  3. If I were to create an upgraded version of the game, I will add most importantly a section where players have the choices of materials for building tougher pods that will reduce impact.I will make available options to slow down or divert the incoming danger, probably by shooting at the meteor or creating spaces on ground to cushion their impact.There should also be avenue to create physical shock absorbs options before impact.  Options to better represent my Risk Management choices will be several Protection options instead of just one.Time frame can be increased of reduced depending on the level of Protection, the more the protection the shorter the time frame of impact and vise-visa.      