3429558



1. The
role of the risk management game, in my opinion, was threefold. Firstly, the
game forces the player to grapple with the trade-off of balancing growth and development,
while at the same time managing risk. Secondly, the game forces the player prioritize
their actions. If one focuses too much on prevention, protection and insurance -
funds needed for development become depleted. Finally, the game illustrates issues
of capacity. If the player pays for research every time, this becomes expensive
and time consuming. This I believe illustrates the experience of developing
nations who often do not have the capacity at home to conduct expensive research.



I found
that one could not overly prepare for comet strikes in terms of buying
insurance and elevating the level of the settlement. I initially spent most of
my funds on risk management and had little left over for development. I found
that one could spend less on insurance and protection if one better understood
the risks by researching most of them.  I
found that preparing for disasters was expensive and time consuming. I also found
that reactionary preparations took more time and were less cost effective than
taking a long-term, holistic view.



2. I
played the game only 2 times due to time constraints. The first round I did
very poorly and did not make it to the second level. This was because I spent
almost all my funds on protection, insurance and research. This allowed little
left over for development. From this experience I altered my strategy and tried
to take a more balanced approach, that emphasized development over risk management.
However, this was not necessarily the best approach. As part of this strategy I
only retrieved research on every third comet. This marked my demise as I did
not retrieve research on the comet that destroyed my settlement.



The
main things I learned were:



-It is
very challenging to find the perfect balance between risk and facilitating
development

-Managing
risk takes capacity and research 

-This
game required a strategy (responding in an ad-hoc way was far less effective)

-Insurance
and protection can only take you so far. To ensure you could withstand a comet strike
the player needed to ensure that they had a enough funds to rebuild

-The
more developed the property the greater the cost to repair it

-Planning
is key

-The
more funds you had the greater you were able to respond to shocks   



3.I
found the game to be interesting and challenging but found it far too
simplistic. In real world risk management there are numerous variables. These
include but are not limited to: the geopolitical context of the disaster, the
kind of risk at play (eg. natural vs. market driven), the actors involved, the type
of population affected, the geography of the area at risk, the key industries
and stakeholders affected and many more. In order to add to this game I would
have included multiple risks not only the one posed by comets. In disaster
settings it is often the dangers after the initial shock that inflict the most
harm. For Example, a Cyclone in Bangladesh will not only kill people and damage
homes but it can also lead to food insecurity (as a result of crop damage),
rises in waterborne diseases and social and economic volatility (for example
ethic clashes over scarce resources). This element could also be added. 



I would
have liked to see a political element added to the game. Living in the West, I
see the largest challenges to effective risk management being political and governance
related.     

