3432071

1. The
role of risk management was to prevent the damages and to try to minimize the
effects of the hit of a comet

The
insurance must be in accordance to the level of damage predicted

The
preparation for risks has not effects immediately, but saves money if a comet
impacts

2.
I played the game about 5 times. In the first 4 games I tried to develop a
little community, conformed with just a few pods, but upgrading one or two of the
pods to high levels, meanwhile the other remained in the basic level. I thought
that, that strategy would increase my rate of development quickly and the
capacity to generate more money, so I would be able to pass to the next level
easily and with the money obtained with the upgraded pods, I would construct
later the rest of the community. And that strategy was correct to reach to
level 2 or 3, but it didn´t worked in level 4 because when there were damages
by the impact of a severe comet, in spite of having cheap insurance and a medium
level of protection (because I had spent many money in the development), the
cost and the time of repairing them was very high due to the high level of
development.

I
changed the strategy in my 5th game and developed more pods, and all
of them with a grade of development according to the level of the game, and developing
all pods to the same level. So I had money in “my pocket” to protect and buy a
good insurance in case a severe comet was coming.

3. In
order to represent the risk management choices of Perú, the country where I
actually live, I would devote the game to the risk management of an earthquake

The
game would be more realistic if the damages were associated to the death of
persons. During the game you can repair the pods damaged, but the death of
persons would be a bad record of your management

I
think it would improve the game, if there exist the possibility to construct
pods following a policy (and the construction of that pods, would be more
expensive, but the damages of that pods in the case of a hit would less) or
taking the risks of constructing pods without following the policy (so the
construction would be cheaper, but much more risky). 

Besides,
I would include the possibility that not all the plots had the same risk of suffering
the consequences. I would include the possibility to develop campaigns to aware
the inhabitants, so the death would less when a tragedy occurs