3436125

1. Effective Risk Management is the secret. This involves combining the capacity to prepare in advance of the shocks (the comet hits), with the ability to cope (clicking as many “green glows” as possible) if the measures undertaken (knowledge, protection, insurance) do not stop the shocks (the comet hit) from happening. The limited financial resources that we have, need to be spent to develop the Alora community (by building  upgrading pods), but also need to be spent on most of the components of risk management (knowledge, protection, insurance and coping). Knowledge gathering by watching the comet enables us to improve our understanding of a possible shock and its potential outcome. Raising the village and making community connections (protection) reduces the probability/ magnitude of losses from the shock. Furthermore insurance helps to transfer resources from good to bad times, for example by reducing the cost of rebuilding pods in the event of a shock. However all actions cost money and wealth is limited. As financial resources are limited, strategically balancing the development of the community with protecting against the shocks (the comets) is the key to success. In order to balance between risk preparation and developing the community using scarce resources, I set realistic development goals. Although at all times reasonable development needs to going on; a lot of time is spent on gaining knowledge about the shocks (by observing the comets) to enable me better understand the shocks, with a view to more accurate protection/insurance against the shocks. Although spending so much time on knowledge gathering reduces the amount of development that can be done, it improves not only our protection but also gives us more time to make connections in the event of a disaster. Although short term the cost of risk preparation/insurance reduces resources for development, long term future shocks are prevented or mitigated and hence the reduced amount of development that takes place is largely saved from total destruction.2.	After the first game I reduced the amount of resources (time/money) that I was spending on development/ protection and spent more time on doing more research; with a view to more accurately ascertaining the protection/insurance required and having more time to connect if the comet hit. When the comet hit during my second game, I ensured that I made as many community connections as possible by clicking on the green glows as fast as possible to cancel or at least minimize the effect of the damage. (coping) Coping mitigates the effects of a shock by helping each other survive by sharing resources.

Some of the things that I learned are:Achieving equilibrium between development rate and protecting against risk is the key to successSpending resources to do adequate research to improve our understanding of possible shocks and their  potential outcomes is very important in risk management When all the protection we take based on our research does not stop the shock from happening, ensure that there is insurance and coping mechanisms to help to absorb the impact of the shock. 

3.	To better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place that I live (where resources are limited), I would make the game mirror real life as much as is possible. The dichotomy of deciding between spending limited resources on risk management for shocks that may never happen and development that we all crave is a fact of life. However in real life we do not have the luxury of being able to pause shocks while we take time to decide what to do. Thus I would remove the option of pausing the game.