3437613

1. This game is incorporates several levels of risk management. To succeed in the game, you must balance resilience with prosperity, while maintaining enough wealth to move to the next level. It illustrates the decisions that some people have to make daily to lead their households, companies, cities, and countries. It's impossible to know what it is like to be in a situation where you decide the fate of your country, but the RiskHorizon game makes you think about the choices you make. I had to sacrifice protection and insurance in order to develop and move on to the next level if the game. It was all connected and difficult to let go of what you wanted to accomplish to move on to the next level. I had to sacrifice knowledge and protection to make enough money to develop my island.It was difficult for me to play this game as a person who tends to be averse to risk and from a developed country. When I first started playing, I spent my time and money on protection of the island and insurance, but quickly found that I could not make it far with this strategy. For several rounds, I tried to see how much time and money I could spend protecting the island and still make it to round 2. I did make it to round 2 half of the time, but was stuck there with not enough pods to move forward. I began to concentrate on development and then beat level 2. however, after repeated tries, I never beat level 3.2. I played the game more times than I care to admit. After the first few tries, I concentrated more on development and less on protection and insurance. During construction, I did research. I also switched browser (from Chrome to Firefox), which aided me in beating level 2. I learned a lot from the game. I learned that development was important to risk management. I could not move up a level by protecting by island alone, I had to invest in my pods and learn from my research in order to reach prosperity. 3. If I were to add something to the game, it would be education. As it is, the game takes into account development, natural disaster, protection, and insurance. Education is a preventative measure that can affect several aspects of risk management. The game is difficult, but simplified. It does not incorporate education, human rights, knowledge, skills, and other necessary elements for success.