3442877

1) The risk management was a crucial part of being successful with the game.  A more cautious building/improving strategy was necessary in order to invest in protection and insurance.  Initially protection was the most important action because of the small incremental cost.  Afterwards, insurance purchased based on the research information about the likelihood of impact and the expected damage was important.  Specifically, if a high-risk and high severity comet was coming, I would stop any building in order to save the necessary resources to purchase an appropriate insurance plan.2) If playing again, I would more accurately evaluate the potential impact of the comets and perhaps increase the amount of building done.  After level 2, I was very cautious and rarely had any damage - perhaps it would have been more successful if I had better weighted the consequences and been willing to accept slightly more risk. 3)  Additionally, while a comet's impact is obviously a good way to show risk, and purchasing insurance is a point that was supposed to be made more clear, there didn't seem to be enough importance placed on for example infrastructure improvements.  For example, governments when choosing how to invest must also pay attention to public opinion - so perhaps a change to the game would be to have "newspaper headlines" giving information on "public opinion" about how the current government is spending the tax dollars *e.g. enough on public works, or insurance, etc.  A point in the video was that governments have a hard time investing in some risk avoidance measures because it is less tangible.  This isn't a main aspect of the game and would be important to improve.The game seems to be geared towards a younger crowd, which is fine on the one hand.  But as an adult Coursera participant, I think a less "action based" game would have been more helpful for understanding the course content. I don't know what the target age group was for this game, but it doesn't seem to match the probable age of the average Coursera participant.