345157

1. The whole game was about how to manage the risk. The game instructed us to reach the goal on the bar limit while paying attention to the comets that will cause damage. There are 3 kinds of risk management in the game:- Protection: the most effective to protect against the damage, but it costed a lot, and the progress is also halted when I use it. Also, the protection will goes down That's why I only used it when I think the progress is already good enough. - Insurance: quite effective especially when I face a lot of comets that have huge damage. It is very expensive, and only effect 1 level, so on the next level, I need to pay for the insurance again.- Research: Doesn't need any money, but it also isn't very effective to prevent the risk. I always use it when I am idle on the building or using other risk management, because the research only needs us to click on the comets.The preparation by using protection is not immediately. It can last for a long time. We can feel the insurance effect right after the hit, also the research, both can have immediate effects.2. The first time I played, I don't really understand the instructions, and I was focusing on the protection. After a few times playing it, I understand that we need to balance between the protection, insurance, and also the research. The main thing that I learned is that we need to be able to see the risk, and act accordingly. If we don't prepare ourselves, we will lose a lot in the end, but if we wasted too much for our own risk management, we also won't be able to progress much.3. The first thing that I will do is make better instructions. Right now, it is quite hard to understand the game, even with the tutorial. I think in some of the countries in the world, including mine, corruption is still a big problem. It will be more challenging if we also put corruption in this game. For example, when we buy insurance, there is a small chance that the insurance won't be working well, or will only reduce half of the money that we put. Or maybe, even without the comets, sometimes the building will also get damage because of the people that are doing bad on the constructions.