3466233

The role or goal of the risk management (RM) in this game is
simply to build resilience against the falling comets or ‘shocks’ crashing into
the water, and raising the waves to damage the pods development.  In addition, RM helps the pods achieve
prosperity to grow as a community through different levels of the game by
surviving incoming ‘shocks’.  This is
achieved by balancing the choices of research (knowledge of comets), protection
against failing comets, and buying insurance to recover damaged developments.  My strategies of RM focus mainly on research
or knowledge about the physiology of comets such as the severity of damages
caused and the speed of impact.  I used
this knowledge as my primary RM strategy to increase protection by matching the
level of damages caused.  In the game,
our objective at each level is to build more and upgrade the pods faster so as
to fill the meter faster and complete the round.  For this reason, my tradeoff is not buying
insurance often but focus on knowledge and protection.  By not buying insurance often I was able to
conserve my monetary resources to upgrade faster the pods, and thus, filling
the meter faster.  I have played the game
more than once, and discovered that earlier RM interventions such as research
and then protection payoff good dividends for the pod community like surviving
longer and more of the ‘shocks’ immediately and later on in the game.

I have played the game multiple times, and at each round I
learned and understood the impact of good earlier protection.  I chose protection over insurance.  Because of this strategy I was able to
survive many ‘shocks’ and surpass level 4 of the game.  I discovered that at each round of game
played I became clearer about the characteristics of the threats such as loss
of time and money resources.  Furthermore,
the repeat playing of the same game gives me an in-depth knowledge about the
structure and purpose of the game.  However,
I encountered many obstacles in my RM. 
First, I sometimes lack of money resources due to increasing protection
and loss of time.  This obstacle hinders
my filling of the meter.  Second, I
suffer ‘lack of information and cognitive failures” during the initial several
rounds of the game because of deep uncertainty about the rules of engagement.  I was dying at level 3.  Moreover, even with knowledge of the comets
and the game in general I was unable to surpass level 5 due to several behavioral
failures.  I cannot turn my knowledge
about the game into actions or behaviors to mitigate the risk.  That is, I either ran out of time or money
resources during the game.  It is also interesting
to note that risk can be mitigated through sharing amongst the community as
seen by ‘connecting’ the pods during the mini-game.

If I were to redesign the game or can change one thing then
I would like for a capability to shoot those comets in the space before they
fall into the water.  That way, they
would not be able to fall into the water body and cause damaging waves.  For the reason that each comet carries
different risks with some having none, it is important to be able to prioritize
RM strategies.  It would be nice that
each pod can operate separately or collectively to shoot down the comets
depending on the risk.  This way we could
increase performance of the community by building local capacity.