3467602

Risk
and Opportunity: Managing Risk for DevelopmentWeek 2: Digging Deeper

Game Reflection

Nadine Nicola Maritz

Risk management in the game helped the player (risk manager) to identify
the negative threats and turn them into positive opportunities / results therefore
minimizing damage to the community.

Playing each level required the player to take a proactive approach, through
the player’s research, purchasing of insurance and putting proper controls in
place and thus determining the order in which to understand the size of threat
that each meteor posed. It also made it possible to identify the opportunities
that existed within each risk so that the correct decisions could be made as to
whether to accept the threat or see it as an opportunity to grow the community.


The more research that was done and the better prepared for the event
the player was, resulted in the following:

1.  Fewer sudden
shocks 

2.  More
efficient use of resources

3.  Better
service delivery

4.  Reduction in
management time spent doing repairs

5.  Better
management of contingent and maintenance activities

I personally, played the game a number of times and the highest level
reached was 4. The more I played the more I learnt that sometimes the impact of
the meteor was inevitable but the severity could be altered by the more research
the player did. This then resulted in less damage giving you more opportunity
to repair your community.

I have come to
understand research is vital. It helps you to determine the following:

·        
The nature and extent of the risks
being faced

·        
The extent and categories of risk which it regards
as acceptable for the community to bear

·        
The likelihood of the risks
concerned materialising

·        
The players ability to reduce the incidence
and impact on the on the
community.

·        
The costs of operating
particular controls relative to the benefit thereby obtained in managing the
related risks.

In conclusion to playing the game I have learnt that risk
management should be applied continuously. Risk management needs to applied on
3 levels:

1.  Strategic decisions are
primarily concerned with long-term goals into the future. It is, therefore,
essential to review these decisions and associated risks regularly.

2.  Medium-term
goals are usually addressed through programmes and projects to bring about change. Decisions
relating to medium-term goals are narrower in scope than strategic ones,
particularly in terms of timeframe and financial responsibilities.

3.  At the operational level, the
emphasis is on short-term goals to ensure ongoing continuity. 

Looking back, I feel the game captures the fundamentals of Risk management but I would possibly add some characters or people into the game so that the player can see how the risk effects, affect the citizens of the community, because essentially it is the population that suffers from the results of damage of extensive risks.

 

 