3473009

Risk management played the role of helping balance between opportunities and threats in the light of managing existing resources while being optimistic of growth.I noticed there were nine available plots of land on the island. however i realized that i didn't have to develop all of the available plots. I realized that the task had different levels, Initial development and upgrades. I had to make a trade offI had to avoid complete development of plots but instead developed five (5) out of nine (9) of the land mass and applied more resources into the quality of the developed plots as well as purchasing the highest available insurance cover for the developed plots. I also raised my island to match the level of protection and as a result had minimal loss during attacks. I felt that a higher quality of infrastructure and insurance was a lot better than developing more plots with less quality of development and lower insurance cover.I played the game twice and in the first instance i developed more plots and had less quality of development since most of my resources went into base development and insurance cover.The main thing I learnt from the game is that one always has to think like the economist in Lionel Robbins which seeks to handle the relationship between ends and scarce means that have alternative uses. Considering that economics is a social science dealing with humans and circumstances are not always the same, I was able to look at the similarities in the first and second attempt at the game but able to distinctly handle them in the context of present realities and simply not expect that the situation i met in the first attempt would be exactly the same as the case in the second.I also appreciated the concept of insurance as it helped lower my rebuild cost in the situation that i had suffered some damage. I usually opted for maximum cover.I can summarize my strategy as1. Build on less than 60% of available land mass2. Develop the plots built to at least a level 4 building status3. Acquire Level 3 Insurance cover4. Place the houses in a particular pattern of proximity5. Raise Island to at least and in most cases above the marker on the right barIf  I had to affect the game development. i will suggest that there disparity in land cost / building designs and that there be a distinction in insurance costs based on specific building types and designs