3473382


1.What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you 
make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, 
protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect 
development (immediately, or after some time)?Risk management was at the heart of the game ... from building 
communities (pods) to protecting the pods from comet impact and 
undertaking repair works to researching on the severity  chances of
 future risk related impacts to the communities.I mostly had to build pods, protect them based on the feedback warning 
system embedded in the game that involved research, measurement of 
impact possibility  severity of impact should the negative event 
occur. Tradeoffs: The loss of money was often traded off for the protection of 
the pods in order to ensure continued survival of the pods and winning 
the game within the time allotted.The preparation for risks affected my development of the pod community 
immediately, because risks like the comet keeps coming at varying 
severity  possible impact, which often saw me focusing on the 
knowledge and protection as against building more pods.
2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I would focus more on the knowledge side of the game to really enhance 
and aid my prediction of expected risks to the pod community for better 
protection information. 
I paid keen attention to the knowledge part of the game, I 
anticipated for risks and enhanced a better protection of the pod 
community. 
Knowledge is power, it aids informed decision making, 
proactive not reactive actions to risk management and supports 
protection, development and insurance. 
3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.
 Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which
 allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?I would propose adding the chance to restart level 2 and continue from 
level 2 even if the game player losses that level, as against starting 
all over again at level 1 ... it defeats the purpose of coping and 
continuity that most communities in NIgeria experience.  Communities hit
 by negative risk issues do learn to cope and continue in real life 
scenario.