3473671

The Risk Horizon Game illustrates a dynamic version of the “Risk Chain”
(diagram 1.1 – p.63) and the “Interlinked Components of Risk Management” (diagram
1.2 – p.65) diagrams presented in WDR 2014.

In this context, the role of the in-game risk management is to deal with
both the “Preparation” and the “Coping” phases under finite resources (temporal
and monetary). The latter fact forced me (through several trials) to identify
my priorities and plan my approach more carefully since I found it quite hard
to achieve a balance among the four game elements. More specifically, I preferred
to sacrifice part of “Knowledge (Research)” and “Development” in favor of “Insurance”
followed by “Protection”. After failing some trials, I decided that a slower
rate of development was much more efficient than investing on development
upgrades in the current level unless such an action was necessary. That practice
allowed me to save some resources for the next levels to invest mainly on
insurance and protection. 

Temporarily, such an approach had a negative effect on the development rates
(which was something someone would expect in real life as well). In fact, in
some failed cases where the slow rates were combined with extremely high comet
impacts, that effect was quite strong. However, that approach helped me
complete the first four levels and almost led me through the fifth. This means
that the approach may have some merit (in this particular game concept).   

All in all, concerning the learning task, the game confirmed that
achieving balance, almost in any concept of real life, is a challenging
objective. That is mostly due to limited resources of any type that hinder the accumulation
of pertinent knowledge per se and limit our ability towards preparedness and
coping. Another issue that serves as an obstacle towards risk management is the
systemic complexity and the uncertainty it encloses. Those two systemic
attributes require great amounts of resources (often transformed into
information) in order to be addressed. Still, in some cases, even with great
amount of information the efficiency or the quality of our actions is not
guaranteed. In such a context, the game partially reflects those elements (through
the nature of the comets’ behavior). 

Finally,
one thing that is almost certified is that disasters never come alone. There is
always something that follows (in Greece that is a certainty). Thus, being
inspired by the economic instability, I would add an additional element of
surprise where at any point; the player would lose some resources unexpectedly
due to market stress.