3480354

The gameplay of Alora enables you to act as a “Luminator” - the equivalent of a risk manager in the real world. As the Luminator, the gamer is tasked to develop the community while preparing for the damage dealt by the comets. Therefore, there should be a healthy balance between risk preparedness and community development.
In order to succeed in the game, an efficient risk management system must be put into place.
Personally, I didn’t waste much money in terms of buying insurance, especially when the pods were already at a high level. I usually just bought the minimum amount needed. Insurance was too expensive. I wouldn’t be able to meet the development milestone had I gone all out on it. That being said, I found investing in protection and knowledge a much better choice. Despite being time-consuming, balancing between upgrading the pods, research, and protection is what kept me reaching the milestone after each level.
The first time I played, I didn’t see the value of research and insurance. The former because of the time needed for it and the latter because of the money involved. I depended on building and levelling up the pods to reach the milestone. However, I realized this wasn’t sustainable in the long run. Though risk preparedness “slowed” the development, in the long run, it was what sustained the development and protected it from the adverse effects of external factors, i.e. the shock from the comet.
While the game has its merits, I would like to propose a more complicated addition to the gameplay. My country is an area that is prone to several natural disasters which include, but is not limited to, floods, typhoons, forest fires and landslides. With regard to this, I propose multiple risky, external events to occur in Alora. Aside from comets, Alora would also be plagued with floods, earthquakes, fire and others (events would diversify as the level goes up). Each event type has a certain corresponding damage to the pod, i.e. flood would slow down the development of the pods for a certain amount of time, fire would render the pod irreparable, etc.In addition to multiple events, there should be a corresponding protection, research and insurance for each event type. In doing this, the gamer should hedge his / her risks more carefully given that he / she is given a handful of factors to take into account.