3487766

Risk management is an essential tool for development because
people in developing countries are exposed to many risks, and an inability to
manage those risks can jeopardize development goals, including economic growth
and poverty reduction.   

The Risk Horizon game provides a chance to explore the
framework of risk management by which decisions about risk are made, and the
environment in which risks and opportunities arise. The ultimate goal of risk management
in this game is to mitigate the losses and improve the benefits while facing
risk and opportunity.  It also helps understand the need
to combine the capacity to prepare for risk with the ability to cope once a
risk has materialized. 



Preparation includes a combination of
three actions that can be taken in advance: a) acquiring knowledge - gathering
information on incoming comet and making judgments about the risk on the basis
of information, including the chance of hitting, the time until impact, and the
severity level. By clicking on a comet and keeping its box focused on
screen, we were able to accumulate research. With each filled in notch, we
received more time to boost protection for the island.

b) obtaining protection - to influence
the likelihood and magnitude of risk through pressing and holding slider
into the upright position to raise the island. We aimed at leveling the protection
indicated by the meter to the right of the slider with the severity level of
the comet.  In this way, we prevented our
pods from being damaged. But there was a challenge; the more we lifted the more
of our power got reduced.

c) obtaining insurance - this option
in the game provided chance to insure pods against impending risks because protection
through raising the island may not completely eliminate the risk of negative
outcomes, in such scenarios insurance can help to cushion the blow from adverse
shocks.

As we understand that Risk
cannot—and should not—be eliminated altogether, however, and exceptional shocks
can always occur. Thus, once a risk materializes, we need to take action to
cope with what has occurred. Coping actions include updating knowledge and then
deploying any insurance and protection.



I played this game twice because I was unable to
succeed beyond level 3 in the first attempt. The second time I was well versed
with the logic behind managing risks and availing opportunities for development.
The key point that I learned through this game is that proper information
gathering and research are very important for devising strategies for
protection, arranging insurance and coping up with damages after the crises had
hit.



The development bar in the game reflects the progress
in each particular level. I feel that there should be an overall indicator at
the game level to reflect the overall development of the community or island. In
this way, the player could get the sense of accomplishment in terms of
development of entire community while keeping the balance between different elements
of risk management.(I have taken some of the references from the WDR 2014 Report.)