3526081

The role of risk management in the game was
finding a balance between development, insurance  protection, and the potential negative outcomes of each. With both
negative and positive consequences in each aspect, the challenge to the
exercise was finding a balanced approach to ensure your community continued to
grow while safeguarding against potential disasters. I focused more on
protection and development as my highest priorities with research and insurance
as my lowest. However, even though I was protected to a high degree, a comet
ultimately came and damaged my development and lowered my resource bar beneath
the passing rate for the level as time ran out. The first time I played the game, I protected
and insured so much that I was not able to raise my resource bar high enough to
pass the 3rd level. However, I made protection and development my
first priority with research and insurance acting as lower priorities on the
second attempt and made it to the 5th level. Focusing on primary
priorities with secondary initiatives being taken once the available wealth was
present brought me to a winning strategy. I feel development needs to be
primary focus with a combination of protection and insurance as the secondary
focus. I ultimately looked on research as an insignificant option, as
probability tells me comets were bound to hit my community. From there, I chose
protection over insurance and focused on protecting my community rather than
insuring it. This ultimately brought me to the winning strategy needed. I feel factoring in needs of the community will
be another complex realm the game could focus on. Adding options for drinkable
water, sanitation, and food along with the shelter; this will turn the game
into a more real-example of decision municipals and cities must make every day.
Being raised in New Orleans all my life, we are no stranger to dealing with
natural disasters. Adding a layer of complexity involved with basic municipal
amenities will bring added challenges for the student to resolve. For instance,
how would you supply basic human needs (water  food) to areas that are
heavily damaged by the storm and do not have access to the basic living essentials.  Also, how do you deal with basic sanitation
after a storm has wiped out the municipal pumping  sewage station? This
will give the student an opportunity to face complex challenges that may be
taken for granted in many situations. 