3532024

1. The role of the risk management game is to apply the principles of risk management to a situation with motivation, obstacles and uncertainty.  Although the games scenario is fictitious, a fantasy world, it made it simple, fun and unique enough to compel the player to "Win".  when designing games, they can recreate real life, but usually have to simplify and alter it enough so that people can open their thinking enough to solve the problems.  In a game, someone may buy insurance knowing that they should and that is how to win, but in real life, people may not want to actually buy it, or would rather do something else with the money.    The insurance was also reasonably priced.  Balancing all four dimensions is rather obvious as a strategy.  In practice, it took skill, knowledge and experience to apply.  You had to build a base of protection throughout the game, because you would not have enough time to protect from nothing to a high severity event, and each level and event lowered your protection.  2. I played multiple times.  I started with over protection, information and insurance and was too cautious in development.  I ran out of time on those rounds and it would not have been my most realistic choice.  I advanced in the game when I realized that I only needed minimal insurance, the protection equal to but not greater than the severity of events and research enough only for high likelihood events.  It was important to repair quickly, usually cheaply and develop early and invest in development whenever possible/funds existed.  I also played with which areas, coastal or inland to develop first, how egalitarian to develop, how quickly to develop in the beginning.  I realized that buying insurance early was cheaper, but not by much, so I could choose to develop first and wait for an event.  3.If I had to make a change, I would make insurance a more necessary factor.  I actually passed levels by managing risk without it.  I would also add industry or a result for building on the coast, or building one house all the way up before others, creating options for community dynamics which impact risk management and coping.  