3544988

In this game, as the Luminator of Alora, My job was to develop the community and take measures to protect the community from being destroyed by falling comets which careen into the water and cause waves that hinder the community's development. In order to reach the target, the appropriate risk management was indispensible. Since all kinds of risk management cost the limited resources and each way cost differently, in the lower level, I mainly chose to use the Protection which is a long-term investment and can effectively prevent my pods form being damaged by those small comets. As the level was rising, the severity of the comet was higher and hit chance was also rising. In the mean time, My community was full of built pods, each possible shock would bring me the unexpectable huge damage.And thus, I had to use the Insurance to transfer the damage and reduce the loss. During the game, I found the Research was not so effective, so I rarely used that and I could save more resources to develop my community.I had played the game twice. At the fist time, I tried to get familiar with the rule and assessed the effect of different kinds of risk manangement ways. Then I found the Research was some kind useless. At the second try, with the experiment from the first time, I reduced the use of the Research, increased the use of the Protection and bought the more expensive insurence when the level began higher. And later I successfully finished the expected task. I thought the most main thing I learned from the game was that I should control the trade-off between the gains and losses and make a right risk management plan before doing whatever. When I make risk management plan in the real life, I always hope there would be a way which can thoroughly avoid the all risk forever. In this game, the Alora is faced with the threat of tidal wave caused by the comets, so whether is there some kind risk management to prevent the Alora from being hit? How about a weapon which can directly destroy the comets? Yes, I think that kind weapon should be added to the game. Obviously, in order to keep the game equal, this weapon needs cost a lot, and there will be a long cooling time which will restrict the player to frequently use it.