3550404

The game Risk Horizon is a wonderful tool to help us access the need of risk management. The game emphasizes on the need to be pro-actively prepare ourselves to face any kind of risks. As the risks come untimely, it is very important to face them as they come and strive back to fight their consequences after that. This all can be done if we learn to manage the risk effectively.In the game the Risk Horizon, the objective was to ensure the development of the community, develop it further by upgrading it and very - important to protect it from damage caused by the falling comets. While playing this game, several choices were made depending on the situation of the level and the resources available to me. For example, I found that insurance is a very significant tool. By having a proper insurance plan in place, I am able to withstand the probable destruction caused by hitting comets and getting it repaired at a relatively less loss. However this insurance is monetarily effective only if I have developed many plots. For a one or two basic plot, buying a 75% insurance would be a cut on my resources with practically not much benefit. Secondly, If we keep a record of the likely risk ( in this case severity of comet) we can build resistance to that ( in the game by raising the level to match the severity level of the hitting comet,  we are building resistance to its ill-effects). This game helps us learn new ways to manage risk every-time we play. If I had played the game once, I would have relied on building the plot and upgrading them without providing the necessary fall back plan i.e. without insurance. I would have emphasized on building, upgrading and then re-upgrading. But as I played it many times, I realized that insuring the one already built - in is equally important. Thus I would try to secure the plots with insurance and develop new communities alongside. My learning from the game can be stated as - keep developing and also side-by-side keep preparing to face risk. Moreover it is important to collaborate with society and others to help ourselves mitigate risk. This helps us to face the losses effectively. Also risks provides us with opportunity to upgrade ourselves and better prepare ourselves from future possibilities. So risk management is an important tool in the present timesThe game's objective is to understand the importance of risk management, thus if I am given a chance to modify the game then I would suggest including various options to secure the losses coupled with reduced monetary resources. The reason for this is:- It would force us to focus more and consciously decide the stop-loss policies we should follow and help us increase our knowledge of making choices. In real world, we have a lot of choices to help face risks. We suffer because we don't choose any option - either out of fear of losing current resources or our inability to choose an effective strategy. Thus if we focus on this aspect too,  we would increase our aptitude for a better risk management.At last , I would say that world is changing is at a fast pace like never before. And risk or opportunity is also increasing everyday. Thus ii is very important to be proactive and practice sound risk management.