355653

This game presents the player with a challenge to balance
development goals with the need for an integrated risk management plan including
protection, preparation, and coping measures. 
Besides necessitating a balance of these elements, the game highlights
the importance of sequencing and strategic decision-making during
implementation.  

I will admit to a slow start in gauging the appropriate
balance between knowledge, protection, and insurance.  Knowledge of risks only goes so far in
reducing susceptibility to shocks if it is not integrated into risk management
plans and subsequently implemented.   In
the game, one needed to take the research (i.e., better understanding of the
severity of the risk) and then pour more resources into preventative measures
depending on the level of severity. 
Naturally, the quality of the information improved as the comet drew
closer.

When faced with the initial choices of resource allocation
between development and risk management, I needed to fight the urge to throw
everything behind my development goals and build with abandon.  Initially I threw my efforts in development
and research, but grew discouraged with research when the comets wiped out my
fledgling settlement.  This sentiment of
frustration undoubtedly plagues decision makers facing a post-disaster
environment in real life, letting the need for immediate recovery and
rehabilitation crowd out and take precedent over long-term risk management
planning.    

After several tries, I quickly learned that throwing
resources behind protection, without considering development needs, quickly led
to a loss in the game.  While I think
most developing states don’t follow this route, the game underscores the fact
that skewing towards the extremes of the spectrum, without considering
complementary elements like insurance, is likely to result in failure (or, in
real life, disaster and hindered development).  

Recognizing that this game presents a fairly simple risk
management exercise, the coping element could have certainly have been
strengthened.  If tasked with creating
Risk Horizon v. 2.0, I would add a simple post-comet assessment to better
understand how well my risk management plan worked.  For example, if I kept building settlements
on a flood plain, a post-comet assessment or analysis could pick up on this
risk and subsequently guide me to build further inland.  This ongoing analysis and learning is
absolutely key in reducing susceptibility to future shocks.  In addition, the community connections piece
proved a bit weak and not quite clear in how it helped with development goals.  Perhaps better suited for this game would be
a role for government and states in deploying resources, ensuring plan
execution, and providing various services to support.  This would better demonstrate the interaction
between external environments and internal conditions.  

 