3559604

The game simulated risk management by forcing the player to balance the available resources (center of attention, money, and click-time) between growing a settlement and protecting it.  During the course of play, I found it to be a good idea put most of my research into comets with a high likelihood of impact and that also have a high severity of impact.  Higher severity comets would require more time to connect the colony and raise it.  Additionally, the speed of the comet played a factor as slower moving comets could be dealt with in between making improvements and increasing protection.  The most immediate concerns were providing for protection rather than researching the comets, as without anything to protect, comet research is pointless.  That being said, each time I worked towards disaster preparation, the growth of the colony slowed.I played through the game twice.  The first time I was unable to meet the growth quota for the fifth level, and both times I never took any damage.  I learned the best thing to do was build many small developments at the beginning so I would have the cash flow to make improvements.  Additionally, were I to take any damage, any repairs would be inexpensive.  My first protection moves were to raise the colony a few levels up.  I then followed the comet strategy mentioned above.  I only bought insurance when it appeared that a fast moving, high intensity comet was going to hit me and I wouldn't be able to research sufficiently.  It turned out this was unnecessary.  My growth strategy was to let my money accumulate while researching the most severe comets and then growing many structures simultaneously.  I would raise the colony only if it dropped back to the white bars.  This strategy worked as I would not only meet my quota but also exceed it greatly giving me a large surplus to start the next level with.The game does an excellent job of forcing the player to actively switch between required activities.  The form of each part of the game made it impossible to ignore any part entirely.  I don't know if it was just my strategy that prevented my needing the insurance or a game mechanic, but I might try to find a new way to have the insurance make more of an impact.  For future versions, maybe you could explore adding complexity to the game.  It might not be something one can do in a short "real-time strategy" game, but adding different kinds of threats to the mix could or additional ways of protecting the colony would be interesting and convey the scale of difficulty risk managers face.  Maybe the next game could feature balancing protective measures with level of inconvenience for the population?