3569114

Managing risks means to
understand, evaluate and take the necessary steps to increase the probability
of success and reduce the likelihood of failure.

Risk management can be a
powerful tool for development and has the potential to bring about security and
future prosperity to people in the developing world. Effective risk management
approaches can not only protect the poor – they can also unlock opportunities
for better development outcomes.

To achieve the objective
of the game which is to develop community to the best of the ability,
risk management needs to combine the capacity to prepare for risk with the
ability to cope once a risk has appeared. Preparation  includes a combination of three actions that
can be taken in advance: acquiring knowledge (gathering information and making judgments
about risk); obtaining protection (to influence the likelihood and magnitude of
risk); and obtaining insurance (to transfer resources between good and bad
periods).

In the game we must find
the balance between growing the community and preparing for potential shocks (comets
careen into the water and cause waves that hinder development).



Acquiring knowledge is the
power to look out into space and accumluate research (learn the chance of the comet hitting, the
time until impact, and the severity of the comet). With each extra point, we
receive more time to create community connections right before the comet hits,
helping boost the protection.



By matching the level of
protection against the waves with the severity of the comet, we can prevent pods from being
damaged (by raising the island).

By obtaining insurance,
pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance
also recovers lost development time after you pods are repaired.

By using these three
powers in concert with development, we will help create a healthy community. The
only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance between these three powers,
but it isn’t so easy. Each action takes time and has cost that can be used to
make another action, achieving another (sometimes better) result. This is
often a simple cost vs. benefits formula. 

With good preparation, only
minimal coping may be needed to recover quickly— leaving more resources available for investment in risk management and reducing vulnerability to future shocks. Coping actions include updating knowledge and then deploying any insurance and protection. 

