3573784

What
 was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?The Role of the risk management game seems to be trying to survive and evolve in a planet where there are constant meteors hitting the planet.Some of the choices I made were: I bought 5 pods, then I looked at the meteor to see the damage it can cause.  Then I purchased insurance.  The most expensive insurance.  Then I started buying more pods. I stopped until 8 pods.  Then after I got hit with one, I was able to repair all 8 pods.  Level 2 I started by buying insurance first the most expensive insurance that was available.  Then I started to upgrade one pod.  I stopped because I had to look at the severity of the incoming meteor.  There was no point to upgrade anymore because I was going to take a hit.  After the hit.  I had to repair all.  Then I looked at the next incoming meteor.  I was not going to upgrade no more because I was going to get hit.  After the hit.  I waited to see if the next me.  After I got another hit I repaired each one.You have to take into account if you are likely to get hit by a meteor.  Sometimes it would show that you would get hit, but then it would be a miss.  Having insurance was a big help.  It saved you money.  You sometimes had to purchase insurance right away to avoid having to pay most of the money to repair your own.  If
 you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I played game more than 10 times.  It seemed that I could never get passed level 2.  I tried building many pods on the first few times.  On the second times I tried to buy less and less pods to see if that would help me since I noticed that if you have a bigger community it helps you more.  It was more difficult with less than 2 pods to get to the next level.  for some reason you were not able to meet your goal.The main thing I learned is that there is no way to ever be prepared.  It seems that there will always be a comet coming to destroy you.  Even if you research, it seems that there is not enough time to prepare.It seems that the best thing to do is move and leave that place where the meteor is hitting always.  There is no point to live there.It is depressing and not worth living kind of experience living on this planet.The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?A new version of the game should allow you to defend yourself against the meteor hit.  For example:  You have money to rebuild and repair.  you should also have money to make a weapon to destroy the any incoming meteor hit.