3606335

Risk management is essentially the act of balancing between opportunities for growth and protection/management of threats. Trade-offs for money exist between building (upgrading)  a new pod or buying insurance or increasing protection, and/or research. The later two also create a trade-off for time - creating protection and research take both time to establish which means you have to stay with only one thing. There were potential for optimisation: ie if I knew the meteorite to be of minor severity I could increase my protection instead of researching the meteorite - this would be able to protect me against future meteorites of similar or less severity, without investments into repair. (However with meteorites of higher severity research is the only thing that can at least partially handle the problem.) Research, as far as I could tell, allowed me to minimize that damage for the meteorites with created severity. Insurance fulfilled a similar function. I found insurance particularly beneficial and made a pattern of insuring at the maximum level - that allowed me to lift the funds restriction on growth potential after a catastrophe. However increasing protection implied that the water increase was placed on hold while the level of the elevation went up - hence the pay-off for safer territory was very costly when taking into account time restrictions. As you learned more about the rules of the game you learned the interactive components - ie that research doesn't always lead to more protection, and at best only minimises the damage, that on the third level the time pressure makes it almost impossible to gather necessary amount of water on time. Also, that meteorites that seem less likely to hit at first often do indeed make contact with unanticipated consequences - ie contrary to research.  This made me more likely to take out insurance as the only thing I could rely on as predictable risk management tool. However, when the first meteorite did not have high severity (ie could be avoided by elevating the pod platform), or high probability (less than 3) it would make sense to ignore it and focus on development. The most unpleasant series of events happened when the meteorites would connect in rapid sequence giving you barely enough time to repair pods, and not enough time to gather water. One of the changes I would make to a game is that I would amend the ability to repair pods that were crashed while under construction - if I just started constructing the pod, it should take less time to repair it, and then it should require additional time for completion of construction. This way there is no added incentive to build just before a collision as a way to expedite the production facilities. 