3606411

The purpose of the game was to develop a community in outer space while being able to protect it from asteroids attack found in that risky environment. On my first time playing the game I focused too much on protection and insurance without developing and researching enough. This resulted in a city underdeveloped and I failed after the second round. I learned from this that preparing for risk affected immediately the development of the city. On my second attempt I over developed the community and researched a lot but after a few attacks my community was completely destroyed. On my third time playing I had already learned from my mistakes so I tried to distribute my resources and time the best way possible. What I did was I decided to research the asteroids that traveled more slowly to have enough time to research them completely. When other faster asteroids arrived I focused on rising my protection and buying insurance when needed. I kept the development of the city in a constant pace but at the same time protected it and researched the possible risks. This is how I managed to reach the sixth level.The main lesson I learned from this is game is that to manage risk every individual should pay attention to his possible options and choose wisely on how is he going to approach the given risk while being conscious of his current assets and resources. I learned that it is very important to research the incoming circumstance before taking any action. It is a wise decision to stop developing when needed to reinforce what already exists. This can be applied to various situations like buildings, economy (jobs), communities, etc.If I was asked to change or add another feature in the game that is relevant to my country I think I would choose to add a feature related to the economy. When choosing to create a building I would add an option where you can choose the type of building. One type would be a residence type of building and the other a commercial type of building. By doing this you should develop both type of buildings wisely because you wouldn't want a large population with no jobs available. On the other end you wouldn't want to deal with a wide number of jobs positions without enough population to hire. This would be another factor that would affect the development of the community.