3616359

1. In terms of the tradeoffs, the main tradeoff was in terms of maintaining the cash levels for development while at the same time having enough cash for the risk mitigation measures. There was also another level of trade off involved which was among knowledge, protection and insurance. My strategy was to invest heavily on protection and knowledge to minimize the damage caused by the impact and hence afford a lower insurance cost. The impact this strategy had on development was that there was a rush/crunch towards development pre-impact while there was always little or no damage because of the impact.
2. The game drove home a clear message that risk, though of varying magnitude (strength of impact of the comet), is inevitable.  Some risks are prone to a particular area while others happen sporadically (chance of hit). But for successful growth of a community, opportunities have to be pursued in this risk-filled environment.  Risk acts as a great impediment to development but there are always measures to deal with risk both pre and post occurrence of the risk event (comet impact). 
These measures become even more effective when they are pooled together by a community (the island in the game) rather than an individual (pod) as it may be difficult for one individual/household to adopt measures of such high magnitude. One proactive measure of risk mitigation is to create the necessary infrastructure based on the risks that are repetitive in a particular geography – one example would be using proper construction techniques/materials in higher seismic zones similar to the angle of elevation on the island. The second measure would be community/state driven investments in warning mechanisms, like the research tab in the game which can be compared to the tsunami alert systems installed across the globe. 
Sometimes, it is very difficult to cope up with the impact left behind by the occurrence of a risk event. But if the community can predict the frequency of the risk event, then insurance provides the best possible mitigation. One of the best examples is the rainfall insurance in countries like Ghana and India where the frequency of monsoon failure is very high. 
It is amidst all this risk, that opportunities for growth and development are present. The construction and up gradation of the pods on the island cannot stop because there are risks of damage being caused by a comet impact. Instead, it is important to pursue these opportunities by taking proper mitigation measures, like the ones listed earlier, and cover for the risk event. 
In conclusion, the game was a close replication of a real life scenario in any community and educates the importance of risk mitigation measures and community pooling of risk in order to pursue the opportunities for the great good of the society as a whole.
3. One change that I would bring in to the game would be to create a cost benefit ratio for the risk event thus showing the importance of analyzing the extent to which risk will affect development and take the precautionary measures in a measured manner (neither over-invest nor under-invest in such measures).
