3624427

Having played the game a total of 4 times
to reach level 5 I can say that Risk Management played a very big role in the
game, as without using it early on I wouldn't pass level one. 

But it did come at a cost as the resources
were limited and both the Insurance and Protection, as well as upgrading the
community, came at a greater cost with each new level. 

Also, if I wanted to beat the game I had to
reserve enough resources to make the necessary upgrades to the community to
keep the bar colour green.

Each time I had to start over I played
around with the resources provided and the risk management process to try to achieve the perfect balance. 

If I tried to focus on saving
resources to develop the village and neglected to start the risk management
process by buying insurance, raising the platform to protect the village or
forget everything else and watch the comets, it will mean failure once a fast
comet comes in before I have time set up some risk management measures.

I learned as I played the game to always
keep a reserve of money for the risk management process. 

The first thing that had to be done once a
basic village was being built was raising the platform, and buying insurance to
protect against future “shocks” that came once a comet hits. I then had to
balance between building and / or upgrading the houses in the village with
monitoring the comets as they flew by. 

That proved tricky when more than one comet
flew by with different speeds. In the end I found that the maximum bars I could
get through monitoring will only give me 35 seconds of time to create community
connections to help boost my protection. That I found through trial and error
could be achieved by starting the research once the comet was almost at the
middle of the horizon till right before the comet hits.

With regards to insurance, a 50% insurance
plan was in most times convenient as I estimated that the comets would hit
about 50% of the time.

Also raising the village till 6 bars was
enough most of the times provided that the research done was enough to get you
at least 30 seconds of community connections.

But all this still wasn’t enough to get me
to level 6! It just shows how hard it is to balance resources with risk management
in real life.

One thing I would change though is to incorporate
the accumulation of knowledge into the game form previous “shocks” by making it
gradually cheaper to implement risk management measures if you are successful in
averting the comets with zero damage. 

This way it becomes even closer to real
life situations where people learn from previous experiences and in so doing
can do things at a lower cost.

I hope this was useful.

Thank you for reading.