3630612

1. The role of risk management was to get information in term of knowledge about the potential risk, developed pod to for protection, raise the level of the island to fight against potential hit from comets, carry out research to learn more on the risk reinforce protection.In doing this we took an insurance cover for damages that could occurs after a hit thereby preparing to cope with losses. Hence, An
effective risk management strategy needs to account for both the preparation
for risk before it occurs (ex ante) and coping with the consequences of risk
after its materialization (ex post). Learning lessons from a past risk that has
actually occurred (a “materialized risk”) can certainly help design the
preparation for risk.In making choices  in term of knowledge i carry out a research to learn more on the potential comet or threat; in term of protection i builds high level pod all around the island and at the same time raising up the level of the island to withstand the eventual hit or shocks that could occurred; in term of insurance, i  purchased an insurance cover that will help to refinance an damaged resulting from any hit and destruction.The preparation for risk affected development immediately in term of time, resources and planning. whereas it affected development after in term of slowing down the development process of the community due to rebuilding due to damages and losses.2. What i did after playing the game the first time was to go back on getting more knowledge on the game process, by identifying the obstacles i first in the various trial, planning on how to overcome those obstacles and at the same time learning on how to cope with them to success. In this case i try to build more pods for protect while rising the island to fight against potential hit. carrying out more research once a potential comets is spotted taking into account the time limit. while avoid to commit the same errors made during the previous sessions. taken an insurance policy one the shock is more relevantly due to occur. Lessons form the game-Getting knowledge of the risk-Developing strategies to control the risk-Building protection in time to counter the effect of the risk-Carry out research to learn more on the risk- Taken advantages of available opportunities to cope with the risk-Taken an insurance cover that keep the community on going after the shock or losses.3. Developed strategies on how to cope with a potential risk. Possibly migrating to less riskier area within the same country. while providing incentive that encourage people to migrate.Creating a standby alert to inform the population when a potential risk is due to occur.Constant research on measure to counter the effect of the occurring shock or risk.Developing more solid Buildings to withstand the shock.Training the population on preventive and coping measures of the risk.keeping resources for precaution motives should potential risk take place.