3632466

Name: Dabney Lyles
Risk and Opportunity, Risk Horizon Game

The risk horizon game
brought out an interesting tension between the costs and benefits
of insurance. I played the game twice, once using insurance and once without using insurance. Time and cost constraints make the benefits of
insurance difficult to cypher during the development period.  The
primary objective in Alora is to meet a development goal by
constructing and upgrading homes.  Development is prosperity in this
community.  As a developer in Alora, you have three risk management
strategies at your disposal:

Research:  Research
is free and provides two key benefits: First, after research the
residents are aware when they will have to work together to share the
risk with their electric-green shock support resources and prevent
damage.  Second, research is the only way to gauge how much
Protection to purchase.  Research can be done early in the Risk
Chain, before impacts.  Research would be a great candidate for developing a
forecasting or early warning system (a worth while addition to the Risk Horizon Game).

Protection:
Protection is expensive, protection costs about $15 a
second, and can take up to half the development time to fully implement.  But protection is effective for preventing natural disasters from
causing damage.  Protection requires careful budgeting, you risk
failing to meet your building goals of you fail to take advantage of
all of the time in the development period.  As the developer, you
need to build early and purchase protection early.  Mandated
purchase of protection would be a prudent financial policy.  Research
mitigates the risk of over purchasing Protection.

Insurance:
Insurance alone is not prohibitively expensive, but it may be
unrealistic for risk management.  Depending on what level of
development you are in, insurance costs $200 or $400, only the cost
of constructing or upgrading one development, and it covers 75% of
damages to buildings.  Using insurance as a risk management
strategy is prohibitively expensive, however, because rebuilding
developments after a disaster has a significant financial cost and
time cost, even with 75% cost insurance, preventing the developer
from meeting the development goals.  As a result, Insurance
cannot be purchased in lieu of Protection or used
as an independent risk management strategy.
	
	
	
	
	
			
		
		
			Financial Cost
		
		
			Time Cost
		
		
			Threat to Development 
			
		
		
			Risk Management
		
	
			Research
		
		
			None
		
		
			Low
		
		
			None.  
			
		
		
			Informs purchase of Protection and the use of
			electric-green coping and support.
		
	
			Protection 
			
		
		
			Significant
		
		
			Significant
		
		
			Immediate impact, risking not enough time or funds for development after
			purchasing Protection.
		
		
			Resilience in the face of future disaster.
		
	
			Insurance 
			
		
		
			Low
		
		
			None
		
		
			None.
		
		
			Difficult to analyze.  Used late in the risk chain.
		
	
Protection is the best risk
management strategy.  Research supports protection.  Insurance may be
purchased after construction has meet the development goal for the
round.  In the event of a disaster, insurance cannot recuperate all
of the developments and allow enough time and resources for continued
development, this makes the benefits of insurance difficult to parse
out, even though insurance is a recommended and often mandated risk
management strategy.  