3654795

Risk Horizon Game can be used as an educational, social and cultural tool to build and enhance memory and learning communities and peoples around the world.  It is a stimulus for fun and learning that can create educational, relational and emotional connections transforming capacity of individual learning of the player for collective learning capacity (synergies, resilience, common interests) as a fundamental pillar in the collective actions of participants involved in the game. Inicial the role of the player is individual, but my impression is that it was designed to learn in the field of fictional game about the importance of applying the methodology and tools for a successful risk management for effective decision making in order to maximize opportunities and minimize the impact of risk to a possible catastrophic situation. The role of risk management in the game was effectively prepare face the risk. My decisions were addressed to prevent the impact of the event by insurance protection and reconstruction of further damage. My lack of preparation in some way affected my decision making and Allora repeatedly suffered severe damage due to ignorance about the nature of the event due to lack of timely information. What I would do differently would be to know the nature of vulnerability and prepare to face the risk. What I did differently was to avoid procrastination and take an early decision to purchase a large risk insurance coverage. I've played this game more than once which allowed me to learn and change some decisions, such as knowing the type of risk and level of vulnerability to which we can face and timely investment in insurance risk and avoid re-build in an area of ​​high vulnerability without tactical and strategic capacity to bear the risk sustainably. I also think that we are in the century of the conquest of man and of neuroscience, we must develop the plasticity of decision making, empathy and spatial intelligence so it is important to learn to develop the ability to resiiencia and innovation to address risks of any kind. (Identifying innovative solutions and various alternative solutions to adequately address the risks and natural disasters, or other events and risks associated with those events), setting clear rules and effective to promote the connection, decision making and responsibilities different stakeholders involved in a risk situation. My proposal for the current version of the current program would be aimed at developing risk charts learning, dynamic games of catastrophic event preparedness and early warning, chain value and public and private decision making on the gain for the community and country in the analysis of cost - benefit protection insurance including humanization of the game, adding human figures within the planet Allora to model real situations and project them into our environment.