3657871

This is an interesting and engaging illustration of the trade-offs in decision-making for balancing risks, "production", hedging /mitigation, and  information (what the course referred to as "research").I played the game several times. In my first attempt, I was too cautious and risk-aversed, and while I did not suffer much damage, I did not meet the "production quota". My risk-aversion was in part because I did not know the extent to which and estimated severity of impact could be compensated for by what level of height of the platform. So the uncertainty of this connection led me to consider what later turned out to be a significantly large "safety margin" (there's a direct relationship between extent of safety margin and level of uncertainty in risk management).I my subsequent attempts with the game, I first choose to push the limit on production, forfeit some level of protection and mitigation (insurance), and see what level of damage is associated with what level of severity. And second, I tried to understand the minimum height that could deal with each level of severity. The purpose was to assess the minimum extent of protection and resources needed to prevent damage from a given meteor (I was mildly successful at this).What was missing, or what could be improved upon in subsequent versions of this game, is to inform the player about the comparative productivity of a pod, and upgraded pod, and a twice upgraded pod. For example, is it "better' to have two pods or one upgraded pod? Since this is a time-constrained game, is it better to wait a few seconds to get enough credits to build a new pod, or to upgrade an existing one? Similar questions can be asked about various levels of upgrades.Another possible upgrade related to my previous point (4) is to provide or display a protection curve as a function of the estimated severity. That way, the player is better informed about what level of protection is required for what threats, and the  decision becomes one of gauging what level of likelihood of impact is the player willing to address or forfeit.Similar comments can be made about the level of damage...