3660405

There is no doubt that this is a great game! I have attempt to challenge the game more than ten times, hope to gain greater development. Have to say, the design team spent a lot of time to design the course. Please allow me to express my gratitude.In the beginning, because of the fear of being from the comet's loss, I use a large portion of the funds for the purchase of insurance. But the result is bad. I tried three times, but are unable to pass through customs in the first. I did not take into account the resources (or, for the construction of money) is limited. High insurance consumption led to the low level of development. This is the first trade-off to face.
I use a large portion of the funds for the construction of pea pods, about 2/3, the rest for insurance. Then things get a bit easier. I passed the first level. But on the second, I found that to avoid huge health value loss, that will lead to failure, I must deal with comets greatly, by using a combination of research and Defense.
When a comet is approaching, I first need to determine what kind of damage it may course. I put the probability of collision, multiplied by the degree of harm, comet, get the expected damage index.
This index will instruct me, what kind of external environment I will face: high risk or low risk. Through this judgment, I then will decided the development strategy of this period: to mainly building or against disasters. (they are balancing factors need to consider first). You have to prepare at risk ahead of time, because it takes a long time to work.When a comet moving slowly, expecting won’t cause significant losses, I ignore it. When a comet moving slowly, may cause more losses, I use a combination of research and protection from harm. When a comet moving rapidly, research cannot be completed, I buy insurance (or when I have more money, I advance to buy 75% insurance) , combined with the defense. 
Through these methods, I save more money and time, to the development of pea pods. This allowed me to reach the fifth level, although the difference a little success, that is regrettable.This interesting and challenging game, teach me: 
1 .  when has limited resources, balanced development and insurance, is absolutely important. At well as, when the time is limited, knowledge learning and defensive measures, need synchronous coordinately undertaken.( Because English is not my native language, please forgive the wrong words I can use)
2. According to the different types of risk, we need to combine the use of different means of prevention measures.
3 Risk management does not take effect immediately, all management needs to be completed ahead of schedule.

Finally, if allows me to improve this game design.
I'll add a loan mechanism to the game: short time small amount loans, lower interest, on the contrary, large denomination loan with long time, high interest rates.
Because for some country lack of the resources, how to deal with loan for risk management: balance the opportunity and cost comes with it, is difficult. This will make the game more interesting.