3668560

To create helathy communinity and create a lumintor legacy the only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance.The perfect balance abaou how to combined the power of reseach , the power of protection, and the power of insurance.I think the perfect combination is :- number 1 power protection- number 2 power of research- number 3 power of insuranceNumber one power protection. Why power protection need more because the healthy environment need some protection policiespolicies from the goverment and need more action from the citizens. The protection should have more improvement.Power protection is general keep the source of energy for example electricity , solar energy, oil , gas and geothermal energy.Some other things power protection is need to build new one. Because some source power energy is can not be renew.Power protection is the top to keep from nature disaster . Because it is about human life aspect .Number two power of researchThe research can be born new theory about component that need for build a healthy community. The research can doing by goverment or individual . But must remember the research must be controled by the goverment in the policies. With the research people can found and prepare before nature disaster come. The opportuny to survive is more if we can prepare it.Maybe some people can undestand it but some other can not. It is need knowledge and skill to improve . For good in the final result is needed a good research and a good condition too. Number three power of InsuranceThe Insurance at this is about healthy insurance for community first and second for the environment too.The healthy of people in the community must have a good chance for developing.specially in body helathy and good mind . Because in the helathy body and good mind every one can create a good idea and make better work.Following to the example about it is by creating groups of healthy environment. Insurance for environment for example about the public environment that need to be protect from the nature damage .Growing the new insurance for a better environment. Multi insurance can be protect together if to large to protect.Some of environment can be protect by  one insurance company or more company.People must keep together the healtier environment. Just for this reason we can be together in harmony with different culture and societies.So Let's us keep and create healthy community .