3672649

The role of risk management in the game was to utilize all aspects of what we have learned about risk management through the course thus far to protect a colony on a planet.  It was important to correctly balance your resources between upgrading your colony, buying insurance, buying protection, and using your time to research possible threats to the colony. The obvious trade offs in the beginning was whether to upgrade the colony and having to determine possible risks and buying the appropriate insurance and protection to handle possible negative shocks. I found out that if I invested too much in insurance and protection I didn't have enough resources to invest in upgrading the colony. It seemed that investing in upgrades was what gained me the most points to reach my goal per each round so it was imperative to figure the right balance in protection, insurance, and development. I also noticed that by invested in upgrades to the colony I made more money, so the obvious benefit to investing in upgrades was making more money that would then allow me to invest more in other avenues of risk management.I played the game more than once and realized to achieve my goal level I had to invest more in colony upgrades and protection over insurance. I also realized that by doing more research on the incoming comets the severity and likelihood of in collided with my colony would lessen. The main thing I took from the game was an example of how utilizing risk management prior to negative shocks can quickly deplete your resources but also how investing in insurance and protection prior helps tremendously in coping from negative shocks. Although the game was a general experience and simplistic it gave me a better understanding on how risk management should be utilized and the interconnection of investment and payoff.If I were to change one aspect of the game to make it more realistic to the area in which I live would be more natural disasters, such as earthquakes. The possible threats in the game came from threats off the planet but adding additional threats, like earthquakes, drought, tornadoes, flood, would force you to better manage your assets in case of additional negative shocks. 