368024

The Risk Horizon game simulates the allocation of limited resources in to order to achieve optimal outcomes in face of uncertainty.  In other words, the Risk Horizon is an exercise in constrained optimization, a dilemma faced all human societies since the dawn of humankind.There are three countervailing forces in this game: first, the need to promote growth (i.e., building more and better Alorian pods), second, the need to insurance against comets with varying severity and probability of hitting the planet Alora and possibly damaging the pods as result, and three, the need to mitigate the damages to the pods after a comet hit.To optimize prosperity in Risk Horizon, the player has to maximize the total wealth of the pods.  The game becomes more difficulty with each level. The game ends when the player fails to accumulate the necessary wealth in the allotted time.If one concentrates on growth (i.e., building more pods and accumulating more wealth) to the exclusion of all other factors, a powerful comet would eventually hit Alora and would damage the plods so severely such that there is no chance for recovery. Therefore, carrying a certain amount of insurance is a must in order to be successful in the game. However, if one is so risk averse and tries to indemnify against every possible type of comet, then too much wealth would be diverted to purchasing the insurance at the expense of growth.  There is a point in the game in which too much insurance could be counterproductive.  The amount of insurance carried by the collect community should be commensurate to the total worth of the pods.  Sometimes, it would be better to take a small risk of manageable damages from the comets than to have too much insurance.Last, the amount of growth (e.g., the complexity of the plods) has to be taken into consideration.  As the plods become more productive and upscale, the damages incurred from the falling comet become significantly more expensive and the insurance required to indemnify from such damages also become more costly.Therefore unbridled growth and development of the pods is not necessarily a good thing, especially, when the cost of insurance and mitigation exceeds the total wealth available.  Therefore the pods should only be developed to the extent that they can readily repaired with the funds available to the community Furthermore, the planning of the pods are also crucial.  Ideally they should contiguous such that they cooperate with one another and better survival the comets, which inevitably come.In conclusion, the Risk Horizon game encapsulates some of the essential factors in optimizing the development of a human society.