3685981

I played the Risk Horizon game and I was not very good at it. I don't play video games so I felt that I was at a disadvantage of not being quick or reactive to the rapid movements of the game. Then I realized thats what risk management is. If you are placed in a situation of crisis you will not possess all the movements and decisions that are required to eliminate damage or loss. Often you are placed in a situation where you have limited knowledge, protection and insurance to compensate for risk. It is how you learn and react from your mistakes is how you will improve your chances to minimize risk moving forward. While playing the game I tried different strategies of building the pod community. One strategy was to build out the community rapidly and not consider the proper amount of insurance needed to protect the community. Another strategy was not to build out at all and that strategy didn't work out either. The problem was education and insurance and not finding balance.As I played the game, it became apparent preparation of risk is very important in trying to balance out the other components of knowledge and insurance. You need all three.The question is how - what is the best way to do it quickly and effectively? I played the game several times and what I would do differently is increase my knowledge of comets and gain information from my peers that were also playing the game. I realize that our reading assignments spoke to that. The countries that had crisis studied the outcome from similar situations in other countries to increased their education and to reduce risk. Education/knowledge was the most important component of the game that I drew from.if I was in the position of developing a new version of the game, I would have a section where players could study the history of the planet and comet activity in more detailed fashion.This information would include comet activity on a monthly/yearly basis and the damage caused  and its value. It should also include information from other planets that have comet activity so information could be shared to reduce risk. I would also have an component where you have teams, this would be helpful in drawing strength from one another and reduce time and outcome. I wish that I could have done better playing the game but I learned a lot of the importance of risk management. 