3688884

Risk management was an important component of the game, particularly
to ensure the continued development of the city, and to maintain the structural
integrity of the buildings.  It was
integral to take risk into account when making decisions related to the
building and upgrading of new buildings particularly when taking into account
cost and time constraints.  

Knowledge:  It was
important to gain further knowledge regarding the risk (meteors), in order to
increase the amount of time available to recover after they struck.  It was important not to neglect this aspect
as it meant that sufficient research meant enough time which ensure low damage
or no damage at times.  

Protection: 
Protection was also important in order to reduce damage induced by the
meteor strikes; however it took its toll on financial resources and reduced the
energy spent on development.  At times,
focusing too much on the protection side of things meant development targets
where not achieved.  

Insurance: Personally I always strived to obtain the highest
level of insurance, which meant that in case of damage the cost of rebuilding was
far less than without it.  In the early
stages of the game, it perhaps meant a decrease in financial resources towards
building, however as long as targets were being met it was still a good
investment.

I found that investing in the protection aspect in the
earlier stages, freed up money in later levels for construction, it also meant
that less time and effort was spent on protection and more on research and
construction.

After playing the game a couple of times, I realised it was
important not to neglect any one aspect at each level, it was important to
always do research of incoming meteors, make sure the protection level was
adequate, and that construction and upgrading of buildings was always
ongoing.  Focusing on one more than the
others would have a detrimental effect down the line.

Geographical location from the hazard would be one aspect
that I would include in a new version of the game, houses closer to a hazard,
in this case closer to the incoming waves, would have a greater likelihood of
suffering damage in the event of a meteor strike.  This reflects hazards in real life; it could
also involve aspects such as variable insurance rates depending on the property’s
location.  The involvement of community
within the game wasn’t clear, perhaps an important addition could also be the
education of the general population, which can invariably affect how they
respond and cope to hazards.  