3689251

Hi, I am Minh Tam and i come from Vietnam. First of all, English is not my native language and my English writing skill is quite bad, i would like to apologize for any punctuation, grammar mistake that i might have made, but I will try the best. I think the goal of this game is
about how to balance between the development and disaster you may face in the game.
In other word, this is a sustainable development game. This game mainly focuses
on preparation the risk, balance three factor : knowledge – protection -
insurance

-         
Knowledege
: 

o   how to play the game : the
function of each buton, each activity

o   research the coming comet : chance
of the comet hitting, estimate the time until impact, the severity of the comet.

o   Knowledge from the previous play.

o   Analyse the cost – benefit when
do research – protection – purchase insurance.

-         
Protection
:

o   the more high level, the more it
costs

o   prevent the pods from being
damaged

o   Raise the island to higher level.

o   Always remain the minimum of the
money which need to purchase insurance, recover the pods if comet hit the
planet.

o   Protection will cost immediately,
but it’s cost is lower than the benefits.

-         
Insurance
:

o   recovers lost development

o   reduce damaged from flooding

o   If the severity of the comet is
lager than the protection level, then I would purchase the highest insurance
level and vise versa.



The
first time I play, it makes me quite confused because I suffer much damage from
the comet, lost the development, I look like that I can not reach the finish
level. the pressure of development ( time and status of the development ) makes me
only concern, focus on building and upgrading activities, less focus on
protection. if there are some comet hit the planet, then the shock wave will destroys the pods, erode
the development, it cost me a lot to recover the pods and i never can reach the finished level.

But
playing again and again, this helps me me change my strategy, improve my
knowledge: How to play, how to protect my development, my award? Whether should
purchase an insurance or not? How much money should i remain to coping with the
risk, recover the pods from damage, analyse cost-benefit immediately,… I am now
not just focus on development but also the protection too. One thing  I have learned form the game is that if you
don’t put effort on protection activities enough and just only concern the
insurance, you  also will bear the lost,
damage from the shocks, suffer the negative side of the risk that you confront.



I
think we live in an uncertain world, we dont know what we will face and what
shocks we might meet. So it would be better if we manage risk, prepare for the
negative side of the risk and take advantage to the positive side of risk that
will come to us, not only in my own life but also in any business, affairs.

