3717089

Risk management plays a
crucial role while playing this game. I’ve made several choices
like, give major importance to insurance rather than protection or knowledge
and the other way round. Preparation for risk affects development by increasing
the price and the time of repairing most of the times on the long run. Also
sometimes not repairing at the first step was the best way to achieve better
results. So those were my trade-offs and unfortunately I didn’t went much
further into the game with it.

If I played the game once I would try to be aware of
all the interaction possible and try to make them work better for the final
result. In fact the major problem is to achieve the balance between, risk,
knowledge, prevention, and less damage. I would like to be able to see how to
get to level 6. It would be fantastic concerning “risk management”. 

If I have to do the game several times I would always
try to improve by changing the things that from my point of view went wrong. Be
more cautious about the level of information the game give me and try to adjust
for better trade-offs and at the end better results.

The most important was resilience. Try to get further
by making many different options and heaven tough I didn’t get much out of it
was really a question of mitigate my losses out of the adversity and always try
to foster recovery for getting better management of the risks I’ve done
previously.

Other important learning achievement was that
despising the fact the tools for managing the risk were available, it is
necessary to conjugate efforts to be able to go further. Even though the risk
was there so the losses were also a chance to account with.

If I was able to improve something in the game, one of
my proposals was a tool allowing integrating the family risks into the society like
for instance, unemployment and children and elderly insurance. 

Another proposal was a tool to measure the stability
of the community at all levels, government, enterprises and local environment.          