3717817

This game was a simulation of a natural disaster that may occur in any form and cause a lot of damage to the property and lives.The role of risk management was very crucial in mitigating the effects of the comets hitting the shells and then causing the damage . I used my credits at level1 to have a at least 5 shells as soon as possible and buy an insurance to cover them . I kept on monitoring every comet even though it had a cost associated to it. But spending 5 points was worth for planning to make a new shell of have enough credits to rebuild the structures after they have been hit . I bought the insurance for 75% coverage and tried best to dilute the effect into the community and lowering the damage .But while trying to get planning in act for risk management I had to make a little trade off with development . I had to wait for credits to accumulate after I bought insurance and  lifted the level up. In the level2 of the game, I focused upon monitoring the comets and then allocating the shells for second level upgrade. I tried having a second level upgrade in level1 but it was not worth it.I had to suffer losses in the later stage due to high renovation cost of the upgraded builds.I played the game more than once , each time I tried to have  different options of insurance and tried different numbers of shells at the level1 but the most effective was the coverage for 75% of the damage.While playing on the level2 , I used to watch the comets for having secured the credits to rebuild. I already had a lifted ground for the shells so the loss was lesser as compared to non-lifted cases.I learnt that knowledge of the risk and having enough resources to mitigate it are two very important aspects. One has to secure some funds for damage control and historical data should be matched with current situations to find out what actually is the leading way of trend. When risks have a higher probability , its always wise to have more insurance coverage.I would have added a feature to allow distribute risk with every other community in exchange of some credits.This would enable auto mitigation of risk in case it happens without having the highest level of interference(like state). This would help absorb the shock with in the community and share the load of rebuilding with the state.I would have provided some more time to the user of the game to rebuild after the island has been hit in the last few seconds. Although , It was all about risk management, so what ever be the situation, one has to take a control of it by planning and allocating resources to every involved entity.Thanks!!