3720932

The purpose
of the game is simple, yet compelling and put it in a very entertaining way:
choose between development, knowledge, protection and insurance; hence, make a
simple risk management plan. There were some obvious trade-off between this
variables, and some a little bit trickier to find, but overall it required a
lot of fast clicking in order to get those houses as big as possible in the
given time.

I noticed
that there was a negative effect between keeping the protection bar pressed and
the development meter. I chose to fast click the protection bar and it seems to
work (it took me two attempts to catch this feature though). Eventually, when a
comet appeared, I click on it to gain knowledge, but I almost never had time to
allow the meter to rise above one or two slots. I focused on development,
clicking the protection bar just until I gain enough money to upgrade a hose.
And I left just enough money to buy the 50% insurance in the next round almost immediately.

I’d say
that in general, it’s a good game and a good representation of the balance and
trade-off between all four variables. However, there are some deeper
relationships that one must consider in the real-life applications, I believe.Although
you must allocate infinite resources between research and protection, the
knowledge acquired from the risk analysis should provide more efficient, thus
cheaper, ways to protect yourself from that particular risk. For example, while
preparing a city from a storm surge, studies can be conducted to determine
where is more efficient to place barriers and drainage systems, instead of
building huge dikes throughout the whole beach front.The
longer you kept the protection sidebar pressed, the more expensive the
protection gets, like it represents an overprice for material and labor peak demand.
But sometimes higher demand for a particular technology (LED TVs for example)
can help push the companies’ RD departments to find cheaper manufacture
options or to lower the cost due to mass production.Insurance
price surely depends on development, the more you have, the more the insurance
cost. But its price also depends on how well prepared and informed are you.
Insurance companies give lower prices to drives of safer cars or better driving
record. Perhaps to insure a modest house in a high risk area is more expensive
than to insure a high-value house in a very low risk zone… But I’m just
guessing.