3731180

The role of risk management was that with a limited number of resources/money and time, you had to continue developing your pods, while also protecting against comet attacks.  Comets were observed so that you had a better knowledge/understanding of the severity/potential damage, as well as the likelihood/chance of being hit.  At the same time, you had the option to buy insurance and you were expected to continue development throughout.  By taking the time and money to prepare for risk (observing the comet, spending money to increase your severity, and purchasing insurance), pod development had to be postponed.  But then when the pods got attacked, you were able to recover much faster because of all the steps you'd taken.  So it was much easier to recover from a disaster.  To succeed at the game, you also had to balance everything, you couldn't just focus on one or two tasks exclusively.  Instead, you had to do all of them together and quickly go back and forth to manage your risk (from various angles - observing the comet, increasing severity and purchasing insurance) and increase pod development.

If I were to play the game again, I would make sure that I do all of the above (pod development, observe the comet, purchase insurance, and increase severity to match).  Initially, I didn't spend enough time on comet observation, but once I did, then I got more time to recover from attacks and thus sustained less damage.  I'd also spend more time watching comets that have higher chance of hitting (i'd focus more on those).  If a comet is less dangerous (less severe and very low chance of hitting), I would observe for a bit, but then I'd focus on other tasks.  Whereas if it was high-risk (then I'd spend time observing and matching severity).

If I was to make one change to the game, I'd add financial risk.  While natural disasters such as comets are risks, in today's world, particularly, the financial market is such an embedded part of the world, that it consists of a risk.  You could enable this risk by the pods not always returning a consistent stream of income, and instead sometimes they don't give you the revenues/growth you expect.  It might be too complicated to implement this in the game, but a simple addition would be to add a random multiplicative factor to the $ coming from pod development, and that factor can very between 0.5 and 1.25.  This way, you could demonstrate the financial risks that impact people's salaries and firms growth prospects.