3731483

The game clearly gave a good parallel in order to understand the measures to be taken to for contingency planning and tackling the aftermath of a calamity. As a policy maker and planner, one must be very precise when it comes to weighing the options available and sorting them to ensure that the decisions taken have minimum impact on the population at large. An optimal balance is to be struck between the parameters which can secure your safety. If you can assess the probable damage with certainty, based on past experiences and methodical study, it is quite likely that your preparedness for the calamity can be increased to ensure no damage is caused because of the event about to take place. If you can ascertain that your preparedness will not be adequate to have negligible effect, you can at least mitigate the damage that is likely to be caused. This is the aspect of planning, akin to information or knowledge is clearly illustrated in the research one needs to carry out on the comet. Financially reinforcing yourself for such expected attacks is what the insurance bit of the game depicted, as is the case in the real world. The amount spent in protecting the village is similar to what one would spend to set up relevant preventive support mechanisms for the probable calamity likely to strike,be it walls and moats to fortify a foreign invasion or modern day construction technologies to that effect.   The initial attempt on the game was more to get a hang of how things worked, quite parallel to facing and assessing a calamity before taking preventive measures. The opportunities to let a thriving village exist if the risk was overcome with proper measures in place would keep one going to complete the game. That prospect alone is enough for one to experiment with various balancing  mechanisms to keep the set up afloat. Over time, experience teaches you to thrive in better attainable configurations of threat perceptions, preparations and outcomes.If the game were to be remade, I would probably add more elements of collective social responsibility to in order to mitigate the crises. In addition, rather than having only one type of calamity that is going to impact you with only one kind of damage, multiple types of calamities would have made the game more challenging. One could have simulated the possibility of floods,drought,earthquake,volcanic eruptions, etc.. and each type of impending disaster creating different effects on the village. That would have made the game more closer to the actual scenario and let you be in the boots of a true risk manager.