3732068

The Risk Horizon game required that I use my best judgement to make decisions about risk management and mitigation on a fictional planet. The most salient lesson that I took away from this game is that every individual situation was different, and there was no best solution to beat the game. Instead, the player needed to make decisions based on the specifics of each level. For example, when I began playing I placed a premium on purchasing insurance immediately, so as to insure myself against damage from a comet. But I eventually realized that sometimes I would “get lucky” and avoid severe comet damage during a level. In this case, it was best to delay the purchase of insurance until my research revealed a severe threat. If only non-severe comets emerged, I could simply pay out of pocket to repair the damage. And if my research revealed a comet that could cause severe damage, I could always purchase a better insurance policy.Moreover, I found that prevention is a double-edged sword. The high cost of protection reduced my ability to continue developing, and frequently caused me to miss my development goals and lose a level. I found it was best to achieve a marginal level of protection against minor comet strikes, and to use insurance to protect against serious hits. This allowed me to focus on development and not worry about minor comet strikes.The most important lesson I learned from the game was the need to balance different types of risk mitigation. For example, research could sometimes show that nearby comments were non-severe and unlikely to strike. In these cases, I could sacrifice money for protection and insurance. Instead of immediately spending this money on development, I would try to save it in case I needed more protection or insurance in the next level. I found it helpful to develop at a steady pace in each level, so that I always maintained a small “nest egg” in case of emergencies.If I were to create a new game, first of all, I would likely include an option to abandon the planet. It doesn’t make much sense to attempt to build a town in a place with such frequent catastrophes when, one assumes, there are better options elsewhere. If I were to develop a new game, I would require the player to choose one of three locations for development, each with different risks and levels of risk. At the beginning of each game, the player should choose the most hospitable location for development by evaluating the risks and benefits of each location through research.I would also include an opportunity for the player to leverage greater financial resources. I would have appreciated an opportunity to receive a loan to gain more protection or increase development in the short term, with the understanding that I would pay it off over time. Of course, this would make the game more complicated, so more time would be needed for play at each level. 