373342

The game forces you to consider how to best use the tools
that you have at your disposal for building and protecting your community. It
required me to figure out how to best balance the development of the community,
whether that be through building pods or upgrading them, and the time I spent
on researching comets, and providing protection. No one method alone could cope
with the potential threats, and so the game is all about achieving balance, and
appropriately using the resources one has. The risk preparation strongly
effects development, as resources need to be used in order to prepare for risk.
In the case of the game, not only money for insurance, but time for research
and protection had to be spent, instead of spent on developing the
community.  The role of risk management
in this game is really more about protection than it was about unleashing
opportunities. 

I felt that on the couple times I played the game through,
that I didn’t use enough protection, and spent too much time building and
researching comets, and probably should have spent a bit more time on
protection.  I also think that I tried to
develop my community far too quickly, and it became quite burdensome to repair
my village when I overdeveloped it. This made me far more prone to unfavorable
shocks, and I think was another strategic error on my part as I play through
the game. I think I would try and develop more slowly throughout the levels.

I think one thing that could be changed about the game to
better represent risk management in the real world would to add a component of
uncertainty to the risks faced in the game.  In this way, I think it would better reflect
how risk appears in our everyday environments. Often, we are unable to see the
all the risks we face on a daily basis, and even if we can identify those
risks, one may not be able to properly gauge the potential or impact of the
risk. I think you could add a component in which the individual needs to update
their research capabilities in order to be able to better hone in the potential
risk, which is somewhat reflected in the game today, but I also think there
should be unknown risks which have the potential to hit. In this way, it would
better reflect how individuals encounter risk in the real world, and require
additional vigilance and preparation for these risks. 