3751445

1-     The role of risk management was to invest
money and resources to build the city and at the same time to spend money to
contract insurance, and protect the constructions too. If the player does not
spend money to contract the insurance, the player will have more money to
invest but there will be more damages when a comet impact on the sea.

The player can know how the comet is, I mean how it will be the
damages and the possibility to cause destruction, and the player should know
that and the player should take decisions, such as to increase the quality of
the insurance, and to increase the protection if the damages and the
possibility to impact are high.

At the same time if the player spends money to purchase insurance, the
player will have less quantity of money to invest in protection and to develop
the city.

The preparation for risk affects development immediately because to
contract and insurance diminishes the quantity of money to invest, but in a
long term the preparation for risk helps development because the damages
produces for a comet are less or are less expensive to repair.

 

2-     If the player plays the game once, the player
will not have enough information to take right decisions and the player will
not reach a high level.

If the player plays more times, the player will know how to act.

I learned from the game that it is necessary to invest to prevent
risks, and it is necessary to know the effects of the risks. If I do not invest
to prevent risks, I will have more money to invest, but I would be a irresponsible
because any event can cause damages.

 

3-     If I am tasked with developing a new version
of the game, I would change several things, for example the player can build infrastructures
to protect from the comets and the player should know when the comets arrive
with more time in advanced.

In my country there are a lot of things to do to manage the risks, and
these actions will depend on the risks we can mitigate. For example, if we
think about financial risks, the government should analyze and study other
financial crisis and to know their causes. After that the government should
stipulate new regulations to prevent those crises. If we think about sanitary
risks like avian flu, the government should know the origin of the flu and
where the flu begins, in order to establish measures like to control all
flights coming from the origin of the flu, and to block some imports from the
countries affected by the flu. The government should provide information to the
affected sectors, and the government should acquire vaccines against avian flu.