3767655

The role of risk management in the game is to identify
potential risks and prepare for both pre and post events of externalities
especially to reduce the systemic negative impacts on the development of the
communities in the game. Risk management is important to balance the risk preparation
with healthy development of the community.

In the game, I have prioritized on high development rate of communities
in initial stage (Level 1: 5/9 pods). This is because without sufficient
resources from the development, the minimum required cost for risk preparation
may not be sufficient. The choice of risk preparation depends on the outcome of
information (research) on potential risks, time and resources availability.

The first and important step in risk preparation is to gain
as much information, on the potential shock (comet), as possible, whilst
development/ upgrading of communities are still in progress. If the shock has
high probability and severity, while there is sufficient time, I will conduct
thorough research to match the hazard’s severity. Upon occurrence of the shock
(if any), the timely coping by relevant efficient authorities by connecting and
distributing impacts among the communities, is vital, to keep the impact of the
shock lowest possible. Therefore, the re-building cost and time of the damaged
communities after the shock can be kept minimal, while having more reserves for
developing more communities and long term protection, for future more drastic
environment.

 

However, if given the research shows that the comet with
high severity and the rate of the comet travelling is too fast for sufficient communities’
enactment, proper insurance should be purchased so that in the event of shock,
re-building cost is insured and much reduced. As such, the development rate
will be recovered in shortest time and with least cost possible. Apart from
insurance, the moderate protection by lifting the surface in the game, plays a
partial role in reducing the impact when there is insufficient time. In other
words, in urgent and uncertain times, insurance, as well as protection, are the
important factors in the risk preparation. Protection should be increased
(moderately due to high maintenance cost) during early and peaceful periods, as
an emergency response option.

 

It is important to note that the risk preparation may be
positive for the communities’ development over the long run, however, it will
be defeating the purpose, if the resources used for risk preparation is
impeding the development rate of the communities in the short run.

 

Having playing the game more than once, I have learnt that,
by pooling all resources on one particular action will not be the optimal action
over the long term. Therefore, I have changed the strategy to balance the
development need with sufficient and efficient risk preparation, considering the
status of resources, time and information availability. A fair amount of
liquidity of resources is vital to deal with sudden and uncertain shocks, i.e.
insurance purchase, etc, while another portion of resources should go to
constant communities upgrading/development and protection improvement. There is
not fixed rules on the ratio of the balancing the actions, however, priority
should always take the lead.

 

On looking that at the country that I live does not have
natural disaster, the potential shock that could land the society could be
financial shock due to economy situation, etc. Therefore, given a chance to
modify the game, I would like to add an option of government funding on fiscal
spending i.e. infrastructure projects, in order to boost the weakened economy
from low level of investment resources liquidity, should there be a financial shock
occurrence.