3782639

This game demonstrated very well how difficult it is to
achieve the right balance between development, research, protection and
insurance. The most striking realization for me was that there is such a thing as
investing too much in protection or preparation. Usually it is the opposite in
real life. We tend to invest very little in preparedness and more in response.
In the game I kept failing and not getting beyond level 2 mostly because I
spent too much time on preparing for the comets and missed out on development
opportunities as a consequence. Of course it also happened that I did not
invest enough in preparation and then the damage was too big and wiped out all
the previous development gains.

I played the game several times. During the first few
attempts I thought that buying an insurance at the beginning of the game would
be a good idea as it would reduce the impact of the comets hitting. Later on I
realized that it is a better strategy to focus on research and protection unless
the severity of the comet is so high that there is not enough time to reach
sufficient protection against it. I would only buy insurance if the severity of
the comet was exceptionally high. I also realized that focusing on research can
help not only in reducing the impact of comets by making community connections
quicker, but it can also help in having a more accurate knowledge of the
severity of the comet and therefore the level of protection needed. It saved me
some unnecessary effort various times when it turned out that the severity of
the comet is actually lower than thought and therefore I did not have to invest
so much in protection as I would have invested if I did not do the research on
it.

My main lessons learnt:

Knowledge about risks is crucial in order to
take the right decisions about how much to invest in protection and insurance.A general level of protection is always useful
in case of the unexpected or sudden shocks.Development and protection can both support each
other or go against each other. Too much or too little protection will negatively
affect development.One suggested change to the game:

Sometimes external shocks can be very sudden. Even though there
were comets approaching more quickly in the game, they still allowed for some
level of protection to be reached. In real life sometimes there is no
possibility for that. Earthquakes hit without any warning, although there is
knowledge available about earthquake-prone areas, but there is uncertainty about when they would occur and how severe they would be. I would add some comets which
approach so quickly that there is no time to check how severe they would be. Every
game could come with a general warning at the beginning, saying that the chance
of a fast comet hitting is let's say 0.1 %. Every once in a while there would be one sudden and unexpected shock.