3782021

I believe risk management was indeed central to the whole game. I found that the most fundamental choices needed to make mainly took place on the first stages (i.e. levels), because the measures you had adopted before really made an impact on the game. The role risk management undertook was, in my opinion, present on the form of development-vs-preparation choices on the game; on my first tries, I believe I found myself both making the mistake of sacrificing too much resources to preparation (and later on failing to reach the development goals) and -on another try- ignoring risks and somehow experiencing hazardous outcomes. At least for me, a key insight I can take from the game is that balancing both protection (insurance) and development is one of the main challenges faced, not only in the game, but in real life situations. I'm pretty sure we must prepare for risk on a reasonable basis, there is -for me- a reasonable level of preparation for risk we must accomplish (on the game, many I times tried to elevate the city two more "steps" than what middle-damage-causing-meteorites would cause); however, we may sometimes encounter ourselves with over-preparation (for example, elevating the city to its full potential level while the risk of a hazard is not that high -or the severity of the hazard is much lower). On the game I mainly found myself aiming to have a reasonable elevation of the city (and as I mentioned, elevating the city at least two levels above the harm a medium impact meteorite would cause -at least on earlier stages of the game-), recurring to a 75% insurance when the risk was both reasonably imminent and had a high damage potential; and on a much lower frequency, I "researched" on a few meteorites (only those with a higher risk); however, I indeed preferred (for risk management) focusing on infrastructure -or insurance- to research, as they both provided help for defending against future hazards, while the time and money invested in the research of a comet was only a one-time-ride. Preparation for risk delayed development; however, when done correctly and in a balanced manner, it made it possible to develop faster when the threats were gone. I played the game several times (~4) and what I did different after the first time, was that I did balanced risk and development on a better manner; the first time I spent too much resources on risk prevention, and ended up being unable to achieve the development goal. On my second try I started invest in development much more. As I've mentioned several times, my main take is that both risk prevention and development must be indeed balanced and gradually unroll.What I would add to the game would be a little wider scope of choices in order to challenge the user a bit more with his risk-management approaches.. some suggestions would be a) adding other hazards that may occur (for which one should have to prepare on a different way) or b) adding other types of buildings which help you on different development goals (ex. a building type that provides "knowledge" another that prived money, etcetera. Thank you for your time! Have a nice day.