379007

The game was really insightful and after this game, I am better able to appreciate the importance of Risk Management in our day-to-day lives.Role of Risk ManagementAs a Luminator of Alora, my task was the develop the community to the best of my abilities and meeting the assigned milestones. The falling comets (shocks) were the risk to the community as these comets would fall into the water and cause waves that would hinder the development. An efficient Risk Management would involve effectively using the available tools (Research, Power/Protection and Insurance) to minimize the negative impact of these comets on the community. Choices and Trade-offsThe available choices were to use the available resources (dollars) to make investment in the following:Development (Building and Upgrading Pods)Protection against the waves by raising your islandInsurance- to rebuild the pods cheaply and quicklyResearch- To know more about the comet (This didn't cost you)The trade-off was that you only had limited resources (dollars) to invest in the above mentioned categories. This is similar to what happens in the real life as well- we always have limited resources and we need to use them appropriately to minimize the negative impact on us.Impact of Risk Management applicationBy taking appropriate Risk Management measures (Protection and Insurance), I was able to reduce the impact of the waves on the pods developed in Alora. Also, by using Research, I was able to predict the impact of the comet on the pods and take necessary measures accordingly. Therefore, I was able to protect the development already done by building and upgrading of pods.I played the game more than once in order to understand the game better. My learnings are as follows:The importance of insurance: The game helped me further appreciate the importance of insurance. Insurance helped me protect Alora in case of a dangerous impact of a comet on the pods. Also, by using insurance I could rest assured and focus on development of pods rather than worrying about the negative impact of the comets.Referred more to Research: In my later attempt, I made much more use of research to manage my risk accordingly. This helped me appreciate the importance of Research (or Early Warnings) and take appropriate measures to protect the pods. This has a wide real life application. The weather forecast systems available to us enable us to predict the storms, draughts, high rains etc. so that the negative impact of these can be minimized.By effectively using and understanding the tools available to me, I could focus more on development in my later attempt. Developing a New Version of the GameVery often, in case of a negative impact due to a natural calamity, the government is forced to import essential items at a higher costs from other countries (eg. Food items). I would want this to built into this game. For example, In case of a comet strike, there can be an option to build a new pod at a faster rate (at a higher cost). This can be build into the game to emulate this scenario.Also, the case of a negative situation, many agencies across the world support the impacted country by providing relief funds. However, the country may need to enter into some sort of a treaty or agreement with these agencies. I would like option to be also build into this game. The Luminator of Alora can be given an option to enter into a treaty/agreement before the game starts (at a fixed cost) and relief might come during the game (in the form of dollars)Thank you.