3793628

Risk management plays a crucial role in the game: one of guidance. The idea is that any community is faced with a lot of risks during its development continuously. An inability to manage those risks can jeopardize development goals. In this game, for instance, the developing community was faced with a continual risk from approaching meteorites. Now, there are two ways to mitigate that risk: by raising the level of the community in terms of height, and by buying insurance against damage. But there is a catch-22 situation here: these mitigators of risk themselves present a risk to development. While faced with a shortage of resources (money and time here), adopting the aforementioned measures against risk would mean a wastage of these scarce resources in the event that the community is not actually affected (as in the case when the meteor does not hit). Thus, there is a trade-off between protection and development. However, it has to be duly noted that the more knowledge the community possessed with respect to the risks it faced, the more likely it was  to make an informed decision, that would be beneficial. Again, gaining additional knowledge involves some costs, in the process diverting resources away from development. Another risk is development itself. By tactfully stopping additional development until any imminent danger is past, the community can save on resources spent on repairing damage. This would be possible only by gathering knowledge, and adequate preparation.I happened to play this game thrice. In the first attempt, I was your naive and ballsy risk-taker. I did not take any insurance cover, raised my community to 6 bars high and spent little on research, just erecting pods as we go. Needless to say, I could not clear level 1. So, I changed my tact and played a little more cautiously this time around. Cleared level 1, but almost just lost. Level 2 did not treat me so well. So the third time around, I took some time to muse over all aspects of the game, and discovered everything I pointed out above. And, goal. The basic thing I learned was that it is helpful to have a plan in place, whether it be risk-aversion or insurance.As a citizen of India, I feel that the greatest risk we have is from the perceptions of the people themselves. So I would introduce an element of community relations in this game, probably focusing on extreme cut-throat competition among members of community, rivalry and caste system. This would better reflect the risks to developmental opportunities we face here.