3803975

For me, a girl who never plays online games, this Risk Horizon game is really a challenging work. I didn’t pass level 1 after my first try. And to pass level 4, it took me 2 hours to practice and try again and again. However, during this process, I gradually realized the role of risk management in defending against disaster. Knowledge about the comet helps me make preparation before it hits and a combined consideration of severity and chances of hit enables me to make decisions on the kind of protection I need. Contact with community can largely reduce the injury. And most importantly, after a severe injury, insurance allows me to recover immediately. My first few failure in level 1 were due to my ignorance of the role of preparation. I didn’t earn myself enough time to communicate with my community by gaining more knowledge about the comet, which caused many heavy injuries. And I didn’t notice that raising up the island would cost my power and money. I had raised the island for too long, which turned out to be unnecessary when the comet didn’t actually begin to hit. By repetitive playing, I finally figured out the way to win. First, before the comet hits, we need accumulate enough power by growing as many pods as possible. Then, it is better to earn enough money to buy insurance. I prefer to buy 50% insurance at level 1 and 75% insurance at later levels. This is because I am always cautious about any amount of loss. When I have got insurance, then I begin to investigate about the comet. For those with high severity and chance of hit, I will spend more time to observe so that I could have more time to communicate with my community, and while it hits, I will raise the island. The biggest thing I have learned from this game is that knowledge and insurance can play crucial role in protecting us against risks. And this game also makes me realize that I am afraid of big risks and willing to buy insurance for them. Since I am not good at playing games, it is really difficult for me to propose any suggestions for improving this game. But I do hope the designers can clarify the game’s rules. For example, how much money we can make by growing pods? I often had an illusion that those pods are not producing money and power. 