3821382

The role of risk management in the game was to keep your
village in good shape until the 6th level where you lose automatically and
everyone dies a horrific, meteoric death. 


I never bought any insurance.  A balanced approach to upgrading, elevation
increases, and research pretty much gave me plenty of time and money to reach
the last level where all of my hard work was given the Cretaceous Period
treatment.  Building up some elevation
early allowed for quick increases when more dangerous threats emerged.  Other than that, just constantly researching
until enough money became available for an upgrade and then switching back to
research on the greatest threat was my entire strategy.  

I played the game multiple times because twice it crashed
somewhere in the fifth level with a "Fatal Error : null" message so
the main thing I learned from playing it was that the people who made it need
to do some more debugging.  

I know the assignment asks for just one recommended change,
but I'm submitting two anyway.  First, there
should be some additional logic added that limits the strength of the meteors
based on level.  I got an intensity nine,
probability nine meteor on the first level which I'm pretty sure is impossible
to survive that early.  Second, I would
change the end of the game so that it informs the player that they didn't, in
fact, lose, but that the game only has 6 levels.  The message should congratulate them on doing
such an amazing job by making it all the way to the end without triggering the
"Fatal Error : null" message which is infinitely more deadly than any
of the meteors.

As for how the game could better represent the dangers faced
where I live, all I can say is add publicly-accessible underground shelters.  I live in the Midwest so we have very little
to worry about when it comes to natural disasters besides tornadoes.  It is always surprising to me when a tragedy
like the Joplin tornado from a few years back causes so much death, and yet people
are still expected to manage their own disaster preparations at their own cost
afterward.  The funds needed to dig a big
hole and put some concrete around it doesn't sound like something that should
be prohibitively expensive when it concerns public safety.  Millions of dollars are spent every year
clearing roads of snow and ice in the name of public safety and productivity,
surely a giant hole could be put in the budget.The instructions for this deal say to write a 400-word essay, but this text-box says to paste in a 600-word essay.  I'm going to go with 421 and call it good.