3824151

Game Reflection

In
playing and succeeding in the Risk Horizon game, risk management played an
important role in that one needed to think ahead of time how to develop and
maintain Alora. This meant that one had to prepare in advance by way of
research (where you obtain knowledge), protection and insurance in order to
avoid any effects of future damages that might occur when a comet hits or if it
hits, how you can minimize the effect of the damage. Community connections also
play an important role after a comet hits since it reduces the level of damage
a clear case of managing risk through pooled resources. In terms of making
choices among knowledge, protection and insurance, I chose more of knowledge
and protection as compared to insurance because spending time on research
ensured I had more time to build and upgrade while giving me the knowledge I
needed in order to protect myself against hitting comets by raising the island
up. Once these two were in place, I was certain of having missed comets or
incase there was a hit, I quickly made community connections which helped in
reducing the damages caused by the hit. Insurance came in handy after damages
have occurred due to the fact that it reduced the cost of repairs made on each
pod.

I
played the game several times. The first time I played, I placed more emphasis
on insurance right from level 1 and didn’t make much use of research and
protection. Since every action in the game cost money, it was necessary to cut
down on any extra costs that one could avoid otherwise so I avoided buying
insurance until I had built all pods and upgraded them- somewhere level 3. At this
point, damages would cost more to repair so having an insurance plan came in
handy as they reduced the cost of repairs. Also since I was aiming to beat the
gauge on the development meter, it was necessary to build and upgrade pods in
order not to lose the level.  I learned
that insurance wasn’t always necessarily the first option for risk management
as important and helpful as it could be against future contingencies. Knowledge
was also important to help make informed decisions that could lead to
protection.

In
order to better represent risk management choices and add to the game, there
should an option to borrow money to refinance once you are out of wealth but
still want to develop.