3829238

After trying a few times I reached level 6
but always lost playing that level.  I
learned that in the first few levels insurance is highly overrated. I only used
it in level 5 en 6 when I could see some severe comets coming. Lesson number
one: only use insurance when you know you need it or don’t have the money to
repair your community in case of bad luck. Research was very important and once
I found out the advantages (especially the time you gain for making community
ties and thereby raising the ground level) it was my primary line of defense. Which
brings me to my second lesson learned from the game: community ties made all
the difference. Working together yielded much more protection than just raising
the ground level by paying for it. My other line of defense was raising the
ground level ( I am Dutch it is what we do at home as well ). The only problem
was the raising of the ground level basically stalled your development. I only
used it in the beginning when the pods are developing ( When they are repaired
of upgraded the development is stalled as well) or at the end of each level
when I had reached the pass mark already. I therefore upgraded the pods only at
the end of the level unless I could early on see I would not make the
development mark without additional development. This actually reminded me of
the Keynes model of economics. Save money when times are good so you can spend
it when times are bad. I would save the money as long as the development was in
the green and then invest it in upgrading pods or upgrading protection just
before times became rough again ( the beginning of the next level). 

If I could change something about the game I
would make the role of insurance more important. As said before I live in the
Netherlands and we are one of the most insured countries on the planet ( as in
people are practically insured for anything from health care to what if someone
takes you to court and you can’t afford the lawyer fees). In real life it is
not just one thing you are at risk from it is usually a few things. I would add
another risk factor to make it more complicated. 