3851085

What was the role of risk
management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you
confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?In the game, players confront
risk when allocating resources between development, protection and insurance.
Naturally, the immediate temptation is to focus the bulk of the funds on
development (new plots and upgrading existing plots). On the opposite spectrum
there is the urge to buy the most expensive insurance possible (covering 75%+)
and elevate the land to four or five bars. The extra protection gives players a
sense of security but this is at the cost of development. Often, settlements
must forego preparation and insurance to benefit from development. Purchasing
insurance or protection means less funds in the short-term. The opposite is
also true: spending on more protection an insurance frees up time since players
need to wait for funds to upgrade settlements. In both cases, this time could
be used to improve research. Thus, my strategy involved taking either a
cautious or optimistic risk strategy (either upgrade or build protection and
insurance) initially and then customising that strategy based on knowledge.
Hence, if the next few asteroids seems to have a low impact or low probability
of hitting the planet, then I'd focus more on development. In cases involving
high-impact, high probability scenarios, my strategy involved more protection
while postponing development. If you played the game only
once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?
Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?I played the game multiple
times. Looking back, I feel I played the game far too cautiously. Despite
coming very close to level five, I realised that my emphasis on protection
(high elevation), insurance, and knowledge generation was greater than my focus
on development. In many cases, I would spend time focusing on knowledge so that
I could construct a strategy that balances development and protection. However,
I spent so much time accumulating knowledge that I didn't spend enough time
upgrading the settlements fast enough. Similarly, I would spend precious time
acquiring knowledge on asteroids with a low probability of hitting because I
felt the uncertainty was too great. Instead, I think I should focus more on
development and spend a less time focusing on insurance, protection and the
accumulation of knowledge. This is especially true in the last stages of the
game.The game captures, in a
simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk
management choices that matter in the place you live?I would think an element that
is missing in the game is the ability to migrate to other areas. The ability to
migrate means that people do not have to take extraordinarily high risks in
settling in any particular area. This flexibility also means that governments
must work harder to ensure that their citizens are satisfied and choose to
remain in their own cities. If citizens feel that the state or community
efforts are lacking and leave as a result, the entire city/region/country will
suffer. Therefore, governments will have an incentive to prevent economic
stagnation and work together to ensure the correct levels of knowledge,
preparation and insurance.





















 