3856837

P { margin-bottom: 0.21cm; }


The Game assumes that there are known
risks and unknown one, and that the effects of the risks on the
player condition are almost random, depending on the number, “size”
and trajectory of the comets incoming.
While the size of a comet (influencing
the impact effect on the Risk Horizon planet) is almost perfectly
know when it approaches, the probability that it will hit or not the
planet is by definition a level of random factor.
Of course the more you observe the
comet the more knowledge and information you gain, so the level of
confidence about the comet info rise, but you never know for sure if
it will hit or not.

So an important strategy I've found is
to always cover as much of possible and as soon as possible the risks
with an insurance, the bigger the better.
I even tried to understand if it was
more convenient to have mani simple “houses” or few very advanced
one, but I've not discovered the tradeoff even if I tried to play the
game more times.
After a few match I found important to
manage the priorities, for example not spending too much in “houses”
building and improving before having bought an insurance, or keeping
the focus on comet observation to increase the time for the post
impact networking.
But the main problem are the increasing
expectation for each level, that soon

The preparation for risk (in the game
the rising of the village platform) is important too, since it can
mitigate the effects of the impact of the comets, but it's less clear
than the insurance because you do not know in advance how much it
will cost to rise it of one level, and it keep you busy instead of
executing other tasks as observing and studying the incoming comets.

I've played the game with two different
machine, a Mac and a Linux, and I have seen some differences in the
two environment: with the Mac I've been able to reach the 4th
level, while with the Linux one never got after the 2nd.
I've read on the forum of the course that other students have
experienced similar differences, somebody should investigate in order
not to “discriminate” some students because of  their different
computers.

A way to improve the game would be to
add at least an other kind of risk, like for example hart-shakes,
that would push the player to balance the investments for risk
management on multiple priorities.

