3862421

   In the game the player is basically
the ruler of Alora, a fictional planet that experiences many asteroid impacts. The
player fills a simplified role of a ruler and makes decisions on how to best
prepare for the impending disasters. One has to choose from spending money upgrading
the production facilities to aid the growing economy, raise the land level to avoid
impacts with asteroids and flooding issues, buying insurance and researching about
the asteroids, to allow ample time to plan for its impact. In each decision the
player makes there was a reaction, for example: If you chose to spend money upgrading
your facilities, there may not be enough money to purchase insurance when an
impact was imminent. Alternatively, if you spent money raising the land, this
usually meant your economy would not meet its financial quota. 

   After playing the game several
times and adjusting my strategy, I finally made it to level 6. I first tried to
be balanced, purchasing insurance, building a few production facilities and
maybe upgrading them slowly and also raising the land all at the same time. This
proved to be too much for the economy to handle and I had to adjust. I found
the insurance to be mostly unnecessary until level 3, it was more efficient to
upgrade my production facilities and get my economy producing at a high level.
After gaining a top level economy and reaching the quota for each level, I
spent the remaining time and money raising the level of my land to avoid the impacts
and flooding altogether. Although this was by far the most expensive way to
protect the investments, it was the most beneficial as most asteroids passed
without hitting Alora. It seemed a strong economy, one that could support the
most expensive protection, worked the best in this situation. 

   In my town we experience many
tornadoes. I would probably change the asteroids to tornadoes. While asteroids a
mildly unpredictable, tornadoes are extremely unpredictable. In a particular neighborhood
two houses side by side can experience totally different outcomes. One may be
completely demolished and another with minor roof damage. This makes it extremely
difficult to plan where to place shelters.  One area with a shelter may be hit with a
violent tornado or an area across the county without the shelter may be hit. In
a perfect world financial problems would not exist, but unfortunately it is not
possible to put shelters everywhere. What usually happens is the shelter is
centrally located, as best as possible, then everyone hopes they have a clear
path and time to get to the shelter.