3867325

Risk Management refers to preventing loss
due to comets striking the water.  Clearly, developing the community as fast as
possible was the primary purpose of the game. However, using some funds to
secure insurance or protection (or both) were the trade-offs I was confronted
with.  The amount of protection and
insurance varied depending upon the situation (the severity of the comet and
the probability of the comet striking the community).

 

I played the game several times to
understand how various factors played out against one another. Initially I was
playing it too safe and unable to score sufficient points to move to the later
stages. However after a few rounds it was clear that securing as many points as
possible, while keeping an eye on the severity and probability of impact was
the most important thing to consider. 
The reason being that the more one builds out the community, the greater is the
increment in funds (every 4 second period).  So if initially the funds are used to build
the community, the amount of funds available towards the later part of the game
(at each level) will be greater as opposed to using the funds to buy protection
or insurance and then not having sufficient gunds to build out the community. 
Attempting to build protection -greater than or equal to comet’s severity, was
better than buying insurance. However, if towards the END of the round (when
community is most developed) a highly severe (8 through 10) comet appeared and
one had sufficient funds but not sufficient time to get protection it made
sense to use funds to buy insurance rather than risking a big loss.

Also, getting protection early was the key
since protection carries over from one level to another but the insurance has to be purchased in every
level, and sometimes twice in the same level in certain situations. For example, if there is a high likelihood of severe damage and there are insufficient funds to purchase the best (75%) insurance, it may be prudent to purchase 50% or even 25% insurance. However, if the situation repeats itself, later while one is at the same level but has funds to purchase the max. (75%) insurance, then one has to pay the full amount again.

 

The one twist to the game I would like to add
is the trade-off between re-building DAMAGED (perhaps insured) community vs. investing
in protection at the cost of slower community build out. The reason is that
there are three stages of tracking a comet. If a highly severe comet likely to
hit the community is detected early enough, protective measures can be taken.
Should there be a lack of time, the insurance can be purchased. However, if
such a comet is detected later in its path, only insurance can be used to
minimize the loss. Rather than having it as a random event, there should be
some option for the player to look at trade-offs between buying insurance and
securing protection – depending where in its path the comet is.