3873646

It needs to take decisions strategically so as to strike a
balance between achieving the prosperity by way of attaining the development  while you have effective risk management in
place.  Effective risk management both in
reality and in the game, it requires preparing in advance  and 
coping afterwards. Preparation could be made by acquiring knowledge
about the comet by way of doing the research, obtaining protection and take
measures to reduce the negative impact of a shock. As the hit is beyond our
control it is vital that we obtain protection, insurance and do a research
prior to the shock and coping afterwards which will minimize the overall impact
of the hit. 

 Achieving the development and managing risk by using risk management
tools (protection, insurance, and knowledge) cost valuable resources which are
limited. The limited resources needs to be invested wisely among the above mentioned
development and risk management activities.

 No matter how well the development goals are achieved if
it had not invested in risk management tools for effective risk management and
coping afterwards, it could severely affect the island.

 Although obtaining knowledge by way of research,
increasing protection and purchasing insurance covers cost valuable resources
that could have been invested in the development, it is much cost effective
than getting damaged severely by a hit. Therefore it is vital that you have
effective risk management in place while having sustainable development as the
amounts invested in risk management outweigh the benefits from it.

 The preparation for risk could be made by way of obtaining
protection, knowledge and insurance. 

 Knowledge

The more information available about the risk  better the understanding of the risk and   being
knowledgeable reduces the uncertainty when confronting risk. It enables better
preparation for the risk for mitigate the risk.

Protection

Protection help reduce the magnitude and probability of
the negative outcome. Protection includes taking actions to prevent a negative
shock or to minimize the harmful impact of it. 

 InsuranceInsurance enable transfer resources
between good and bad times.  Insurance
recover the loss and rebuild the pods at a lower cost. When the protection
provided in insufficient then the insurance help to minimize the shock from the
adverse effect.

 2

Initially I did less research and invested heavily on
expensive insurance covers. Then as the money was tide in to insurance I did
not have enough funds to make new pods or upgrade them which made difficult for
me to achieve the development milestones.

 But later I learnt that doing more research is very much
beneficial as it gives more time for coping after the hit to minimize the
damage. The cost of doing research out weight the benefit of it if the risk is materialized.
Therefore in subsequent rounds I did research well, increased protecting and at
the same time I kept a close eye on the development which enabled me to win to
the level 5 of the game.

 3

It is proposed to reflect the opportunity side of the risk
in to the game (introduce farming plots, possibility of rain could be
introduced) and development targets could be linked to it. 

In reality the knowledge gain from previous research and
what is learnt from a previous disaster are used in many ways( better
preparation ) when dealing with a similar risk in  future. This idea could be introduced to the game
by way of having an accumulated research experience which will be useful in
minimizing the ‘damage%’ in future hits

 