3886455

A short (400-word) essay on  the reflections from the Risk Horizon game, addressing the questions: ---(1) What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)?---First of all let me extend my sincere thanks/gratitude to the World Bank for providing such a remarkable opportunity to learn about risk and opportunity; managing risk for development on the coursera platform enabling us to get excellent quality knowledge for free.Now let me answer that the role of risk management in the game was obviously a lot in terms of proper planning before time to avert the risk by having complete knowledge of all related things because right knowledge at the right time plays a pivotal role in right decision making for getting right protection.  Insurance also plays an important role in mitigating the risk and in case of loss insurance helps a lot in timely reconstruction and rebuilding to avoid lagging behind in the pace of development. Proper preparation for risk does affect development by averting risks and timely insurance help reconstruct and rebuild the damages timely.---(2) If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game?---If I played the game only once, I would do it differently in such a way that acute prior planning, getting right knowledge, protection,  insurance and proper preparation for risk is done to avert the risk accordingly; and if I were to play it again, and Alternatively, if I played the game more than  once, obviously I do differently after the first time and the next times by recognizing and overcoming the mistakes done before for risk aversion? The  main things that I have learned from the game are proper planning, getting the right knowledge, protection, insurance and doing proper preparation.---(3) The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live?---It goes without saying that the game captures, in a simplified way, main aspects of risk management.  If I am tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows me to change or add one simple thing, then I would propose following ideas to better represent the risk management, e.g.,  the game should be very simple that a lay man can easily understand and play conveniently by disclosing the right information at the right time in warning messages etc. devoid of ambiguity focusing on the most important areas to avert the risks, such as,  knowledge, protection, insurance and doing proper preparation; and to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place I live can be natural disasters etc.