3892859

Risk Horizon is  real time strategy game that teaches how and why risk managment is important for healthy development. To win the game we win, you need to build and upgrade your pods .The role of risk managment in the game was to show how we have to behave and what may happen during development process.   The goal is to try and balance between all of  actions in real time in order to master the game. At the begining we have some money(1000) we can spend on pots, insurance  and protection. At the start i decided i will build as many pots as possible and save many to pay for an insurance. I decided to build 3 pots and buy a most expensive insurance that cover 75% damage. I took this step to take the most expensive insurance because i wasnt sure how big damages might be and how offen there are collisions. With the rest of the money i decided to level up terrain.When the pots were build and i level-up terrain i was watching the comets. When the risk of crash was high i was getting as much knowledge as possible. when the risk was low i was level-up my protection.After any of pots was finished i was upgrading it to be able to get to next level.In short words my tactic was: build a pot, buy insurance, watch comet while pots were being builid. If comet was not on collision course i was levelig up my terrain. And when any of pot was done and i had money i was upgraidng it. this tactis gave me a level 6. Buing insurance gave a result in a long term, observing comets(geting knowledge ) gave a result in a short time.I played game many times, i was trying ot find best tactic. I would reccomend buing insurance (at least 50%) and with the rest of the money build as many pots as possible. then upgrade them. When its being upgraded try to look on comets and decide which may be on a collision course. if there is no , try to level up terrain if there is a high risk to crash try to get as much knowledge as posiible.If i could add one thing that would be a another different risk (like a earth quake). In real life thare are more than one possible risk we have to be prapaered, that would make a game more difficoult and more chalenging.