3893001

   The idea of such a learning tool is exceptional. When one hears the theoretical part of Risk Management may well develop the impression and idea that at least in personal level this can be achieved easily as we tend to have or -think- that we have, more control over our selves, especially in regarding the risks we take willingly. Yet, post to my experience with Risk Horizon I have changed my mind. I was lucky enough to be born in a country where natural disasters are extremely rage phenomenon and for the bulk part of my life the public sector financial crisis was an "unknown" word for me and for my fellow citizens. As a result, when the crisis began affecting the state which I used to live, things changed unexpectedly. Most did not know how to cope with the new facts, or at least not before enough data was collected on how to deal with something never experienced before. On the other hand, for others opportunities arised amidst the crisis, for some as a result of preparation and for others by random chance.       Risk Horizon offers the player the opportunity to invest in an environment which as in reality, poses dangers. Thus, the player willingly (or because he/she has to for survival reasons) takes risks in order to maximize as possible his/her profits. In addition, the player is given tools which aim at enhancing his/hers chances of achieving his/her goals with the minimum input. In the beginning, one focuses on the main danger, the natural disaster which is caused by the impact of the comet. Yet, soon I realized that the comets are only one aspect of the problem. I had to deal as well with time and demand, or at least, this is how I interpreted the problem. Therefore, with time pressure, increasing demand of resources and the danger of going backwards in case of damage in the production line, I struggled six times to reach level 10. I only went halfway experimenting with different combinations of time allocation and resources. Nevertheless, I collected valuable experience. Any investment without first examining most of the risks with which one may confront with is a bad investment. Collecting a variety of data regarding the social, financial, political and climate/geologic aspects of the state or region one invests to is essential. Post to the recognition of the possible risks and threats and the probabilities for those to occur, one has to prepare for the dangers he/she recognized using the available technology to minimize the damage and purchasing an insurance in order to protect his/her assets in case of unavoidable natural or systemic disaster.     Finally, if I could add/change something in the concept of the game, that would be the human factor. That of course would require the whole game it self change. From a game to a simulator. But the idea of recognizing and coping with systemic risks really intrigues me. Thank you for your timeHope you enjoy the MOOC as much as I do.P.S. There is Simulator that has to do a lot with risk management, if you look for it on the internet you may find it. I do not mention the brand or title as I do not know if it is allowed.              