3904642

The
Risk Management Game that was assigned this week was definitely a hands-on
approach towards inculcating the various factors and constraints that need to
be considered while trying to avert a risk and dealing with a crisis situation.
In this game, risk management involved three significant factors:

-         
Knowledge

-         
Protection

-         
Insurance

While
first going through the tutorial, I tried to consider the risk chain involved; the
comets that would probably strike Alora and the losses of the pods that had
already been built (outcome). The realization of the risk that was potent
(approaching comets) and the steps that I needed to take to ensure minimum or
no losses involved making choices of allocation of available resources (money
and time) were of utmost importance. In the beginning of the game, I focussed
on building new pods, so as to increase the amount of development. At the same
time, I purchased an insurance of 50%coverage at about $125 so as to insure the
existing pods that I had built, against imminent threats which could strike at
any time during the level. At the initial stage, I preferred to develop my pods
on existing plots (at $200 each) as much as possible before the comets struck
and maintaining a minimum wealth pool.

As
the game progressed, I focussed on upgrading existing pods, so as to increase
the level of development and reach the required standard before the round
ended, while ensuring that I always purachsed insurance at the beginning of
each round to minimize the damage.

In
terms of research, as each comet approached, I first tried to gauge the chance
of hitting, extent of impact and severity of damage. Then, I protected Alora by
matching the extent of impact and increasing research until they struck and
raising the island to protect it against floods. Once that was taken care of, I
concentrated on upgrading the pods. At times, since the time and wealth
available was fixed, I had to make a decision as to what to do by considering the
opportunity cost and marginal utility obtained from it.

I
played the game more than once. As I progressed towards my second try, I was
more comfortable in deciding how my resources should be allocated and also the
time at which I need to focus on purchasing insurance and building and upgrading
pods. This was because, from earlier experience, I learnt that I can’t
concentrate on the risk alone, but have to focus on development at the same
time. 

If
I could develop a new version of the game, I would probably focus on the
location of the pods that are constructed. At times, risk can be averted if residential
areas are developed in regions that have lower probability of being damaged by
natural disasters. In this case, I think players should be awarded greater
points for development if the pods are built away from the areas where the
comets are forecasted to strike (since the comets appear to strike one particular part of Alora in the game)