3920929

Risk management played a very important role in preparing me for the shocks and helping me cope afterwards. It is very hard to make the right decision under pressure and optimally utilize the resources. I was able to minimize the damage and maximize the development by maintaining a balance among knowledge, protection and insurance.The information received by researching incoming comets was very helpful in determining the next step. It gave me more time to raise my protection level and develop my pods, If the severity level and ch the chance of the comet hitting of the comet were high, I made sure I had insurance covering 75% of the loss. Moreover, if only the chance of the comet hitting was high but the severity level was low, then there was no need to expend on protection. Protection against waves was needed only if the possibility of damage was high. Therefore, to save money for development and insurance, it was important to match my level of protection with the severity of the comet to protect my pods against the possible damage. In such a situation, when risk is uncertain and complex, I decided not only to gain knowledge, but also to use the information with me to make judgement. I prepared by obtaining protection and insurance. Also, to cope afterwards, I repaired my pods and upgraded them. I played the game more than once because I was not prepared for the risks and the best ways to prepare in advance to minimize the damage. Also, because of the uncertainty and complexity, I was unable to cope afterwards. However, with more knowledge and information, I managed to upgrade my pods to the highest level and provide them with the best possible protection and insurance facilities. Playing this game more than once made me realize that it is not easy to effectively manage risk until we have the knowledge about the risks our assets are prone to and the information regarding the facilities available to protect and insure the assets and to mitigate the damage. In real life situations multiple risks evolve over time. Everyone is exposed to different kinds of risks.The game can give the player an option to choose from various types of risks. It would be simpler for him/her to understand the importance of risk management as he/she would be able to relate to the situation. For instance, in my area some people do not get proper health and sanitation facilities as the standard of living is low in some places. Thus, it is very important to prepare in advance and mitigate losses by gaining knowledge about prevalent health problems and various government schemes. This will help in preventing diseases or later help in getting the best facilities and minimizing expenditure. 