3930862

What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did
you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge,
protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect
development (immediately, or after some time)?

The aspects of risk management that were
highlighted in this game included choices about the rate of development in the
face of risk that are only known at a probabilistic level. This means that you
had to choose how many pods to build based on the probability of a meteor hit.
You could choose to develop faster, but that risked greater destruction if the
impact was severe. There is a tradeoff between speed of development the level
of damage expected. 

As you have limited funds, you also have to
choose how to allocated them in terms of spending money on insurance,
essentially the risk mitigation part of risk management, money spend on
development (building more pods) which allows your community to grow faster,
become more profitable and be more robust against shocks, and on research which
is a  way of gaining knowledge about the
possible risks, and this allows you to plan more accurately. An example would
be that, if, through research, you learned that a meteor had a low chance of a
hit, you could choose to develop faster rather than spend money on insurance.
If, however, you research showed you that a hit was likely to happen and was
likely to cause a large amount of damage, it made more sense to buy lots of
insurance and slow development to minimize the damage.

If
you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to
play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did
you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned
from the game?

I played the game twice, and I learnt that
research was very important in accurately assessing the threat from the
meteors, and that insurance was very valuable in getting the community up and
running again after a hit had (inevitably) happened. I also learnt that it paid
to be a little bit cautious in building new pods if you knew a meteor hit was
likely to happen. The first time I played the game, I built too many pods
initially and then took heavy losses with the first severe meteor hit.

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

I think I would give the game a longer
timescale. I think many of the risks that the place I live faces (Britain) are
long term risks e.g. increases in severe weather like flooding or drought,
driven by even more long term effects like climate change. It would be
interesting to have a different selection of risks that included chronic risks
like an ageing population or disease rather than just acute risks like the
meteor strike. 





