3956829

The game objective was to achieve a certain level of development (by building and update pods) for each level, taking in to account the threat from the comets and its potential and related damage. Hence, in doing that, it was important to find a right balance among development, protection, insurance and knowledge. 
I decide to build pods and develop them in a sustainable way. I didn´t build so many pods and their upgrades was not my priority because I was more focused on protection and, when needed, in research. My goal was to achieve the minimum level requested for each level and have enough money available for recovery in case of damages. 
Nevertheless due to limited resources and time I could not have an healthy and enough fast development and using protection, insurance and research at the same time. Therefore I had also to evaluate which one among the three protection tools was the best.
I invested more in protection instead of research and insurance. Protection was for me the best measures to prevent pods for being damage: it was an enduring protection in every level. In my option the trade-off was related to the ability in using insurance and research only when strictly necessary, in the specific case only when the impact´s severity and chance of hit by a comet were both high. Indeed, I didn´t understand how it worked the connection among the pods in case of hit by a comet. However I saw that more I clicked and more I created connection (I suppose that the green clouds on the pods were the connections) with the results of reduce the shocks of the comets ´impact. It worked also very well. 
However I noticed that risk management concerned not only the costs but also the Timing: the decision to invest more in insurance and research had not be taken too late, otherwise their impact would be pointless.   
Even if I live near a big river, now there are not many risks regarding natural disaster: Thank to what government did in the past (monitoring of the river flood, building banks, etc…). I think that was a good example how  risk management is important for community development.
The risk management was necessary in order maximize the use of limited resources, but also the times in which resources should be used. Fast development was not the best choice without protection and the possibility of quick recovery in case of damages.
