3975643

Risk and Opportunities: Managing Risk
for development

Risk Management function is used as a powerful instrument
for development. It explains the environment in which risk and opportunities
arise.

Basically the goal of risk management is to rebound into
original position after the damage by nature like Earthquakes, Flood etc.,
which in simple words as Resilience i.e. to recover from negative shocks and
Prosperity i.e. open for opportunities for development.

With respect to Risk Horizon game, in order to have
Resilience and Prosperity for risk management, our strategy should include Knowledge
about environment, Protection against waves, Insurance power for damage
community / pods and Coping with the existing environment in order to minimize
the chances of hits or percentage of damage done by falling comets and their
effect i.e. Flood and waves.

It also provides a sense of tradeoff between Cost-benefit
analysis, which helps us to balance between cost to prepare for negative shocks
and benefits out of that cost we received at the end.

 

Risk horizon game

During the Risk horizon game activity, my main goal was to
develop our community with my ability and to attain a milestone during this
process. In order to do so, I followed the step by step process as below:

1 Well prepared for risk of comet falling by building
pods at probable locations, where the probability of comet falling is high. By
doing this, it cost me in terms of dollar and benefit for my pods is insurance
get done. Next time, when I rebuild my damage pods, it cost me cheaper and pods
got repaired quickly too.

2 Research work done on falling comets by checking their
level of severity in terms of damage they can cause, Probability of hitting and
the intensity of damage to be done by that comet. So while doing research, I
gain the knowledge in advance, which will in turn helps me to get well prepared
for that situation and once comet falls in water, then after coping with the
present scenario by learning from past experiences.

Other benefits from this in terms of cost, i.e. my research
work helps me to improve my financial condition by increasing my incentives
based on numbers of research work done. So Research work is extremely important
step for maintaining a balance between Cost and benefits.

 

3 Lastly the power of protection against waves used by
pressing and holding the slider on the bottom right of the screen, which in
turn raises the position of island and that help to minimize the percentage of
damage done by comet by falling in water. During this process also, cost
associated and I need to maintain a balance between cost and benefits. And to
improve my financial health, I keep on researching the comet frequently.

 

Conclusion

Overall, we need to take care of three steps during risk
management in Risk Horizon game were Protection, Research and Insurance. 

My preparation for risk affect development shows slightly progress
in the positive sense immediately and step by step my damage percentage got
reduced, which shows Coping with the existing environments based on past experiences.  And lastly Benefit-cost analysis provides one
means of identifying the cases in which specific interventions to manage risk
appear to be cost-effective. A more complete and more fully descriptive
understanding of decision processes of Risk Horizon Game act like a powerful
tools and realistic for Managing Risk for Development.