3980750

Risk management plays a fundamental role in the game. Risk management played the role of helping to minimize detrimental occurrences and events that pose a threat to your developmental objectives. Risk management is multi-faceted and requires special analysis of the main objectives of the operation. In the game, risk management assisted with ensuring that progress is soundly and safely made with main objectives still being safely pursued.  In the game the first thing that you need to consider is
development. This is in fact the primary objective of the game. In real-life
terms, development represents what an organization is primarily specialized in.
This development is also significant in that in the game it increases the rate
at which your energy levels grow. Therefore, it is important that development
is prioritized as it is the life-blood of your survival. At the same time, this
development needs to be protected, as meteors constantly approach your area and
pose as a risk threat. It is therefore important that you are constantly
upgrading your developments as this increases the protection of your gains. 

Since the meteors pose a threat, it is important to have
enough information on the meteors in order to reduce the effects of their
impact. In order to successfully do this, you need to ensure that information
is gathered early and as much of it is collected in order to effectively deal
with the risk of impact. Also , it is imperative that ALL meteor threats are
analysed, even if the probability is small. This is where knowledge plays an
important role in risk management. Knowing ALL information about the threats
you face puts you in a better position to deal with those threats.

Risk transfer in the form of insurance, also plays a
critical role in reducing the effects of risk. 
Although an insured can use insurance as a mitigating factor in order to
reduce the actual loss should a risk event occur, the actual risk can never be transferred.  As such the risk remains the exposure to the
insured.

Many significant choices and trade-offs were made in terms
of knowledge, protection and insurance. With knowledge, the meteors were
analysed based on their probability of impact as well as their severity. The
higher the probability of impact, the more research required to reduce the
impact of a meteor hit. Also if the severity of the impact is high, then it is
critical to protect the development and insure immediately.

After the first few times of playing, I realised that
insurance is critical. I insured immediately and I ensured that the insurance
is adequate. The more advanced the game stages were, the more the insurance
was, as the effect of a meteor hit became more devastating. Also I realized the
importance of information, in that the effects of meteor hits were greatly
reduced by the amount of research done on the meteors.  The main things learned during the game
included, analysing all potential risks posed and ensure that you are protected
at all times from impeding threats. I also learned that risk is impossible to
completely avert at all times, hence one needs a strategy to minimize its
devastating impact, rather than try to completely eliminate it. 

I would perhaps add the element of people or staff. I would
try and demonstrate that people also play a role in risk management. I would
have a staff consisting of builders and administrators to oversee developments.
This angle is critical as it demonstrates the role of people risk in risk
management and how an poorly managed staff can pose a risk to your
organization. 