3983612

1. The game offered a simulation of a community (Alora) under constant systematic risks (comets). Striking a balance between risk management and growing the community yielded the greatest outcome. Although crucial in coping with natural disasters, devoting too much resources in risk management might impede the community from further developing. Thus facing trade-offs between knowledge, protection, and insurance, I devoted a greater part of my resources to the processes of prevention, namely knowledge and protection. Initially (in the early levels), preparation for risk didn't have significant positive effects on development. It was when both the chances and the severities of the risks were high that preparation for risk could be visibly regarded as a good investment. 2. Having played the game only once, I would devote more time researching on high-chance risks if I were to play it again. It turned out that there were circumstances where various risks were detected, yet resources were limited. By clarifying the chances and the severities of the risks, I could have a better picture of how many resources should be allocated to protection and insurance. Also, more knowledge meant that there was more time to make community connections which provides the same effects as protections. With the remaining surplus of resources, I could speed up and generate a healthier development for my community.3. In my new version of the game, I would include an alternative building, different from a pod, that yields higher resources while also having higher vulnerability to the comets. This would reflect a scenario where the decision maker can choose between growing subsistence crops or higher return cash crops, and consequently has to account for the different levels of risks associated with each. In my opinion, such adjustments would better represent the risk management choices that matter in the reality and would introduce a whole new degree of challenge regarding the trade-offs between knowledge, protection, and insurance.