404203

The role of risk management was to protect the community from commets with some tools such as knowledge, protection, and insurance. First thing I did, was to create a community as big as possible, since it grew faster and had more resources to use in case the commet hit. When I had enough money, I got insurance to make easier the reconstruction of the community. Knowledge was another key to protect it. Learning about commets helped the community to get information about them and be prepared in case of crash. Even sometimes, this knowledge helped us to avoid the commet. About protection I didn't get the point in the game. What I realized was that everytime I tried to get protection community's development grew slower. I think it's because you need a lot of resources to protect yourself against natural hazards. But to be honest I didn't use use because I didn't understand the useful of this tool in the game.Preparation of risk management affect development in some ways. First of all, resources which implies less wealth to develop the community. In the game, also meant you cant do anything else. For example, if you wanted to get knowledge about the commet you could do nothing else. I think that in real life, it doesn't happen. People can do different tasks at the same time, but in the game you just can do one thing. For me, that was one of the main important reasons why I could't reach further.I have never been good at video games, so the first time and the following ones were a disaster. It took me at least five times until I realized was going on. I understood the more develop the community was, the faster it grew and more wealth can get. Also, I learnt that a community well informed about a natural hazard is more able to confront the disaster and recover faster; in other words, it's more resilience. If the comment hits, it's a good option to have an insurance, so you don't need to use all your resources to reconstruct your community and also, a good network in the community helps to mitigate the damages. The first thing I would change is the interaction between the player and the game. As I have said before, in real life you can do several things to protect yourself from risk at the same time, in this case, learning, protecting and getting insurance. However, in the game you just can do one thing at a time. This should change so the video game can be more adjusted to real life. In 2008, Spain went into crisis and still it is. Because it is my country and I am aware a financial crisis has a negative impact in social cohesion and development, it would be very interesting if a video game for financial risk management is developed. 