4047270

This course has given
me an exposure of various types of risks that may affect an individual ,
community , and society at large, the ways of dealing the risks  through
knowledge, insurance , protection before the happening of an event
 (disaster) and coping with its effects. It is to be known that risk
cannot be eliminated but can be minimized to the extent of the damage that it
causes.

Risk management
can both increase economic returns and reduce the propensity for
crises: there need not be a trade-off between resilience and growth.

Playing this game was
fun as it was an perfect example of Risk Management. When I first played level
one I built three pods purchased an insurance plan , through protection i
raised the level of land, I did a little upgrading of pods  but in this
process I did very little research about comets therefore making me unaware of
the adversities / severity that the comets may cause and the chances of the
comet having a fall and damaging the pods. That cost me dearly. I therefore
lost level one as I couldn't make it in time. From this I learnt that more
research gives you enough knowledge and that knowledge is an integral part of
Risk Management.
So when I made a second attempt I made sure that I don't handle  the game
like before. In this game I made two major changes


1.  First of all I ensured that the  area is fully utilised and
ensured equal development / upgrade of all pods. I purchased the    
           highest possible insurance plan and
did an equal effort on research i.e knowledge , insurance , and protection so
that there is    overall progress keeping in mind the target
 i.e. going to the next level.
2. I also ensured that there is sustainable development and that I may not face
any shortage of funds because lesser the funds      slower the
progress , higher the risk involved. I also kept a continuous check (research)
on comets that had high chances of  hitting and the severity.
From this attempt I learnt a lesson that if there is an equal progress with
research protection and insurance , the community may face disasters better. A
community also helps each other by sharing resources in times of disaster.There
was lesser damages. This time as compared to before I made use of a large area
rather than developing a small area with a few pods itself . This way I reached
the fourth level making me  understand the concepts better.
This process from preparedness to coping is an important part of risk
management and will take a long way in dealing with disasters. This way an
economy can develop faster and there will be lesser loss of life and property
through resilience therefore ensuring prosperity.  

 