404708

How can
risk management affect the society develop?

The game
was a simply but powerful representation about the risk management impact in
the society develop. It was about a little community that faced some floods caused
by asteroids impacts. The community had three ways to face this natural
disaster: the first was buying insurance that permitted reduce the cost of fixing
the house’s damage. The second one was putting the town in a safe place to
reduce the damage caused by the flood. The third is through the asteroids
research, this permit that the natural disaster prediction capacity in severity
and probability of occurrence increase and also the impact of the damage can be
reduced because the time to prepare for flood grows. 

I was able
to finished all the levels of the game, my tactic was simple: first, all the
time almost one house had being in construction or reformed (improved), second,
the city elevation had to be good enough to support the most severe flood in
each level and the last action was spend research time only in the asteroids
with the highest severity impact level in order to reduce the damage effect. Those
preparation actions affected since the begging of the game the develop rate in
a good way, because almost all the time this society was generating incomes
situation that was not affected by the floods because we could avoid the damage
all the time.

The first
time that I played the game, I was not sure how to use the different manage
risk tools. This situation change through the experience, in latest rounds I
could develop a solid tactic whit this tools based in my experience. The main
thing that I learn from the game is that always is better being prepared to
face the most dangerous events through investment in knowledge, protection, and
insurance in order to increase the develop level of the community.

I would add
a metric that shows the numbers of lives saved or losses after each flood in
order to develop awareness about the impact of risk management in this aspect.