4056199

Essay on Risk Horizon game1. Regarding the first part
of the essay, the role of risk management in the game has been revealed as a key task to promote the fate of individuals and families in the virtual world of Alora. In this regard, it has been shown that planning and preparing to address the risks
is effective to recover from losses and to increase
benefits, so it has been demonstrated that the fate of communities can be improved if the risks
are adequately managed . 

Specifically,
the game required to test our risk management in the
areas of knowledge, protection and insurance. On knowledge, the game required to understand the changes that happened
when a meteorite impacted the world of Alora and
caused flooding. 

Regarding the knowledge, the game required to understand the perturbations caused by meteorites, as
well as internal and external conditions, and possible outcomes on housing and facilities in order to reduce uncertainty. 

As for protection, it was necessary to reduce the probability and
magnitude of losses in housing and facilities, and also to learn
to increase economic benefits to maintain growth and tackle the material losses caused by meteorites and floods.


Regarding insurance, the game has demonstrated the usefulness of
this financial resource to recover from
losses and to obtain
greater advantage of  benefits. It has
demonstrated the desirability of
insurance, helping to overcome losses,
to maintain purchasing power and also to keep pace with growth. 

For these reasons, the game has allowed
me to learn that preparing for
the risk definitely affects development, because if individuals
and communities do not acquire knowledge of the risks, they are not protected
and are not insured, it will be much harder for them to recover from disaster, to rebuild their lives and to keeping a positive development.


2. Regarding the second
question, I have played the game more
than once and I can say I've changed my
game from the first time. In that sense, the first few times I tried to
accumulate knowledge to understand how
the game worked and to decide which were the best choices to ensure the welfare of households and to achieve
adequate profit. Thus, in the first games I tried to understand how the various risk management components interacted.As I was playing, I was understanding how the game worked and I was learning that
good risk management require
proper preparation, that is, knowledge,
protection and be insurance. 

With this, the main thing I have learned in the game has been that risk management pretends reducing losses and increasing profits when confronting
and taking risks. So, risk management should
try to get minimum possible losses after a flood and, for this,
the best option is to have adequate risk insurance. Moreover, the
reduction of losses can increase profits because it has more resources to devote to the benefit and development of individuals and the community. 

3. Finally, with regard to the third question, in the event that the game developers set up a new version of the game, I
would introduced a set of custom risks, according to the
country of residence of the student. For example, according to the World Development Report 2014, in East Asia and in South America I would include the risk from natural disasters, while in other regions I would include, among others, the risk against large recessions, maternal mortality or homicides.

 

