4074406

Risk management mitigated the problems slightly, however, the results of the same actions were not consistent from game round to 
game round. Insurance, research and repair seemed to work most of the 
time, but not every time. There were no explanations as to why things worked sometimes and the same things didn't work the next time. This means that you can't learn from your mistakes and improve on your strategies because it's all completely random. I can't guess what I was supposed to learn form the game.Building "community connections" sometimes meant no damage after clicking every connection and the animation - and NOT the timer - stopped, and sometimes you still had damage after waiting 26 seconds or more with no new highlights showing up and nothing to do while the timer ran out. I don't understand why building "community connections" had to be done over every time there was a hit instead of strengthening your community consistently. The FAQ was completely empty (just said "soon to be filled out") and there wasn't enough explanations as to how to do things. It had to be found out while trying to play the game. The game needs a "help" section.I tried a number of strategies before I got completely fed up. Clicking on a comet and waiting for it to reach maximum research seemed to be the best one, but then it took a lot of time from doing anything else. I think you should be able to do things simultaneously. Being forced not to multitask isn't realistic.There are two things I would need to want to play the game again: Consistency and multitasking. The same actions must have the same results every time. And no normal person is so limited in they mental and physical capability that they can only do one thing at any one time. I still fail to see why I had to spend time playing this game. It is
 the most boring game I've ever played. There didn't seem to be any 
strategy that worked, and changing strategies didn't really work either.
 It wasn't realistic that you can only do one thing at a time, or that 
you only had 3 actions at your disposal. 