4077942

       The main idea behind the game is the use, unknown by the player, of concepts of risk management. During the game, you have to invest in knowledge, protection and insurance, and still save wealth to develop your civilization. If you invested too much time in protection, your civilization would not grow and be richer. If you invested only in development and new construction, you would lack in protection and would be more fragile to shocks (asteroids in the game). If you invested only in knowledge, you would spend all your time observing and not acting. And, at the end, if you do not invested in insurance, anytime your planet could be affected by a shock stronger than your defenses could handle, and you would spend a lot of money fixing things up.        Knowing this, it is easy to observe that the optimal configuration will be a combination of all the things said till now. During the game, you have to balance between these options of investments to be strong against shocks, and still be able to develop and catch your goals.        At a first glance, you could say that investing in protection is a bad idea, watching that your civilization will be stucked, but playing a few times, you would see the importance of this investment when facing an inevitable shock. The same thing for insurance, when you think that it is a lot of resource going on a thing that will protect you in a possible case of damage, while you 'should' be using this money in infrastructure to grow.       Still, should be highlighted the importance of conections and acess to knowledge of other people. Sometimes, you are having a problem that happened before and some people handled well that time. In the game, we can see this in the case where the more you observe and obtain knowledge about the risk, more time you have to get informations in other communities and prepare yourself for the incoming shock.       The game is a simplified version of playing with risk management, but would be nice if it had more options of risks, and more ways to prepare yourself for then. With this, could be added a 'memory', a 'know how' about the problem you just confronted. This would simulate the real life better, because today in the world, we can observe that when a shock affects a country, the next time that the same shock occurs, the country is better prepared for it, and it has way less impact in the country, reducing the damage caused, like live losts..