4077847

1) The role of the risk management in the game was to develop an island and keep it prosperous while - at the same time - protecting it against the hazards of destructions by comets. The toolset mainly consists of of insurance strategy and observation.The risk manger had to deal with trade off situations such as spending money in investment to develop the island and keep it running as prosperous as possible. At the same time he was confronted with a variety of hazards - mostly comets. They randomly appeared and needed to be classified by research which cost a substantial amount of money that was missing in the investment process. As the research help to understand the danger of the different type of comets (probability of impact and severity of impact) it was inevitable to invest in research. The results of the research could lead to insurance decisions concerning the infrastructure. The money invested in insurance coverage was missing in the investment of the infrastructure but vital to protect the wealth of the community.2) As I am not very familiar with computer games I tried the game only once and probably only used parts of the possibly toolset as a risk manager. In a second trial I would change some things I did wrong or neglected in the first attempt. I would try to better understand the details of the game and the role of the risk manager. I probably only used a couple of the available tools for protection. A better understanding of the interactions of the different factors (infrastructure, risk of destruction, research of better decision making) would be very helpful. With more trials of the game the experience as a risk manager could lead to better decisions. 3) The risk managers choices were not clear at the first moment. I would probably develop a toolbox of different decisions concerning investing in the infrastructure, obserservations of threats and insurance strategies. A dashboard showing the key components at the same time would be very helpful. This board should include the following components:- money invested / still available- money spend on insurance of different infrastructure elements- classification of cometsIf I see the risk management role in a specific geographic context for the place I live I would recommend the following changes:- select floods by large rivers, storms and hail as major threats- emphasize the role of research on natural hazards which is fairly good in the country where I live- emphasize the role of insurance against natural hazards and the role of risk diversification in geographic exposures- emphasize the role of awareness for people to avoid risks, e.g. letting the rivers more natural space in case of floods, do not allow construction of commercial or private buildings in areas that are highly effected by floods (sometimes only a few hundred meters would be enough)