4087121

Game reflection

Although this
game has a quite simple concept, it represents the main principles of effective
risk management: a pool of resources (your financial pool), grade of
development (the development of your village), protection (the level of the stone
platform), insurance (it covers damage after a comet hits), research (for
a small price you can know the severance and the probability of a hit) and
social connections (they help after a hit; unfortunately, this was the only power
which functioned in a quite weird way). It looks very simple, but do not be
lighthead. In order to succeed, you have to find a sound balance using all your
resources efficiently without wasting them and to access the risks (comets and consequences
of a hit) on time. Well, this game is a good simplified simulation of a risk management
situation.   

 My first
lesson from this game was that knowledge helps avoiding risks. I started to
play the game without reading the rules and could reach only level 3. I could succeed
better after reading them. In some sense, it could also be an example of risk
management: you have to have knowledge to proceed and to avoid risks and to
know how to benefit from advantages you have.  

 

Furthermore,
the game was one more to prove that you do not need to achieve  always the best score to succeed, but you have to be constant. You do not need to build the whole
village in the first round, although you could. More houses would mean more
expenses. You can complete building your village in following rounds. Besides,
the more developed your village is, the more you pay for upgrading it and repairs
after a hit. You have to think twice about an efficient use of your resources
(money pool). Moreover, the insurance was very useful. I used only
75%-insurance and twice 50% insurances. Without them, it is difficult to cover all
your losses.

 

Nevertheless,
the representation of the social connections is not transparent. It could be
just a technical problem, but the flashes moved quite sporadically. Maybe, the
idea was to show uncontrollable social connections, I still would improve the
representation and the functioning of this “power” in the game. 

 

To sum up,
this game is a good simulation for beginners to have, and even to “play”, a
world leader and to learn main principles of risk management in practice.  

 

 