4099218

The role of risk management in the game involved research on possible threats while at the same time building a community. The choices I made at the beginning of the game to 1. buy insurance  and 2. build protection, based on the severity of  the incoming threat. This trade off meant that I was not able  to build the community at a faster rate to generate wealth. I found that there was a diminishing rate of return from protection, particularly when the threat was severe. I also learnt that the severity of risk did not always equate to the size of the damage. While playing in Level three, I found that it was very difficult to generate wealth in the community.  While investing large sums in the community, the rate of return on investment was slow. 

I played the game numerous times to try out different strategies. I tried just buying insurance and building a community as quickly as possible. Sometimes this worked, other times it didn't as it didn't generate significant wealth. I tried buying protection and building a community only. This was the least successful strategy as the cost of repairs was prohibitive. I found the combination of buying some insurance, some protection, and building the community with the available resources to be the most successful strategy.

The main thing I learnt from the game was to assess risk as soon possible to monitor its severity as it crossed the screen, and try to prepare for it with the resources available I also learnt that there was a limit to the amount of protection that could be purchased that offset some of the effects of the damage caused by the comets. 



I live in an earthquake-prone part of my country. I would tweak the game by omitting the comets and introducing earthquakes. The aim of the game would be to build a rise high rise building, built to withstand a 7.7 earthquake on the Richter Scale through six rounds of the game. Each round of the game would involve building three levels. Resources available would include cash for property development - complying with current regulations and building standards, property insurance, and property protection in the form of  purchasing base isolators,  allowing the building to sway in an earthquake. The rate of return upon Investment into the building would increase expediently. Earthquakes will roll underground  across the screen, at various depths and severity, monitored by a seismic recorder, which will let you know the severity of the quake.  The timeline for building each floor, and the amount of money available will be similar to the comet game. The one thing I would include in the game is an evacuation strategy to be included in the build. As earthquakes occur at any time, such a  strategy is essential. 

The winner has built a safe and secure six-storied building, that will withstand a 7.7 earthquake on the Richter Scale.