4105776


























































This game is a good illustration of the balancing act needed in effective risk management (RM). The game's RM challenge lay in seeking that fair balance - using knowledge to calculate potential risks from comets (probability of hit vs projected degree of hit),
determining “just the right amount” of protection (level of protection vs potential/calculated risks) and buying “just the right
amount” of insurance relative to calculated risks (anticipated damage) - so as
not to inordinately divert valuable resources from development.  I constantly had to make choices (trade-offs) so that I am able to manage my risks and reach my development goal. Do I develop or upgrade my community so that I can attain my development goals, even though the risk of a comet hit is real? Or do I use the same money (resources) to protect the community that is already developed/upgraded or do I live with the same level of protection against a probable hit? To complicate matters, do I buy additional insurance to cover potential losses should a hit cause damage, even though a hit is not 100% certain to be stronger? Deciding where to use resources - for development versus using the same resources for preventing/mitigating negative impacts - is tricky. I need the money to develop the community - after all development is the over-riding objective. While protection and insurance are a necessary RM means, both are necessary only because of the concomitant risks. Knowing the nature of the risk allows me to make the decisions. Balancing risks versus opportunities, balancing utilization of  resources for competing needs, protection versus insurance - these are the same questions decision-makers and policy makers are always confronted with. This is why knowledge, research, monitoring and evaluation are important to informed decision-making.I played the game with a very conservative posture, overly protecting the community thereby slowing development. In the process of failure, I realized that seeking a balance among development, protection and insurance is important. If I were to play
again, I would not over-protect, absorb some damage using insurance and use the
money instead for development. When I did this in my succeeding attempts, I was able to progress to the next stage. In my opinion, the game is alright as it is. But if I were to revise the game, I would probably make it easier for course participants to progress to the next higher level at a moderately easier pace in order that they not get frustrated with failure and spend less time with the game. This recognizes that not all participants are savvy with computer games and have plenty of time to spare. 