4105441

The game centered on the importance of risk management. On
the fictional planet, the main objective was to meet certain development goals
while preparing yourself from the comet attacks. The concept of risk management
emerged when to it came to minimize the damage sustained from the falling
comets. Risk management was key in ensuring that we progress onto higher levels
of the game. It would not only help us in reducing damage, but also to make
speed up development when there were no perceivable risks, i.e., visible comets
in the sky.

The trade-offs in the game were very designed to the effect
that focusing on any one particular sector for an extended period of time would
invariably lead us to fail the level. My tactics centered on getting as many
pods as possible in the first level and as they were being constructed, I would
increase the level of protection. This seemed like the most logical thing to do
at first, but I quickly realized that prolonged increase of protection would
only slow down my development and hence hamper my chances of progressing
through the levels. Ultimately, I had to devise a routine whereby I would
concentrate on the increasing protection only during the starting of the game, where
I would have a decent amount of time left on the timer, or when the development
bar was near its required level. Every time I would have enough money, I would
upgrade a pod and when there was really nothing to do, I would focus on
researching the falling comets. However, the amount of research I conducted was also dependent on the severity of the comet. If it wasn't too high, I would let it be and concentrate either on upgrading pods or increasing protection. When the severity of a certain comet was completely unmanageable, I would resort to buying insurance at the very last minute so that my repair costs would be lowered and effectively less time would be taken for repair as well. Investing too much on insurance was the reason I failed to progress through in one level during the initial few times I tried the game. After having mastered the tactic of purchasing insurance only when the severity of the comet strike would be too high, I made it to level 4!More than anything, the main idea to playing the game well to be able to manage the amount of time I would spend on each particular activity. I personally felt that the difficulty of the game was taken up a notch by the slowing down of development whenever a player would focus on protection. In my opinion that important element made playing the game into a fantastic experience. In its design, the game was great. But to make it more real, I would suggest the introduction of an actual timer for various things. Such as completion of pod, comet impact and time required to reach a higher level in protection. These small improvements have a very solid extension to real life as well, since most warnings and notifications of natural disasters give the occupants of a certain area a rough estimate of the amount of time they have to prepare for the emergency. Unforeseen failures or delays can also be introduced into the ameplay while making pods to make the experience even closer to home. 