4143715

Minimizing
Damage Via Risk Management

Risk
management was essential for reducing the repair costs or having no repair costs.
I chose to invest on protection most of the times and tried not buying
insurance. However, when damage occurred, recovering was very costly. Thus I
understood that insurance was a necessity. 

I always
checked the meteors. According to the severity level of the comets, I focused
on research; the more the level of severity, the longer the research duration. 

The
decision on buying an insurance depended on the number of the highly severe
comets. If I saw more than one at the same time, I bought insurance. However, I
could not figure out which insurance option to buy according to the severity of
the comets. 

I played
the game more than once and what I did different than the first one was that a
great effort for a head start. I invested more to growth and upgrades together
with the protection. I tried to make upgrades towards to end of each round in
order to save time. 

What I
learned was that if we can see the risk and the risk is inevitable, buying
insurance is the best way to cover the damage.  However, in order to reach optimum benefit, we
need to observe the risk carefully that we could interpret if the risk results
in damage or not. Thus, we can save money while we are protecting ourselves. 

To sum up,
even in a simple game it is really hard to manage all the possibilities to lead
a "no damage" result. Thus, planning and foreseeing the risk is very
important. The damage can be too hazardous to recover from and hence can lead
to ultimate loss. We need to protect ourselves from the risk. We need to
observe the risk and we need to prepare for the risk. The cooperation in order
to cure the damage, helping each other after the damage is also essential for
reducing the cost of the damage. Insurance in the game was expensive actually
however when it is compared with the cost of damage, Insurance was the best way
to cover repair costs. In this context, game was fine in its current condition
and I have not got any comments to add on to the gameplay. 