4174237

RISK MANAGEMENT ON THE GAME1) The role of
risk management in the game is the avoid of the impact of a natural disaster
prevents or hinders the development of the city. Initially I chose to prepare
in advance for the risk, learning what it meant that I could develop faster to
reach the next level. I learned that research is essential to reach the next
level, and the insurance is best purchased from the knowledge of the more
immediate risk of potential disasters. Prepare for the risk decreased the
chances of learning from mistakes, which can be very costly, so the advantages
of cost-effective Risk Management.After learning I could prepare myself to do what was most effective at each level. On the third level we need to be more aware of the risk of natural disaster, as the imminence of the threat is directly related to the time and disaster recovery. It is important to know the importance of measures at all times, if a more expensive insurance is more important than investing in development at any given time. Find a balance.

2) What did
different was more accurate way of measuring what was needed to do first to
reach the next level. And know how to wait for the right moment to make a
decision. Decisions improve with errors, although not the best option in a real
situation.I used better the time to think what to do, because in a situation of risk we tend to feel threatened and make decisions irrationally, which means we learn to better control our emotions to counter a threat. Insecurity and uncertainty are major threats to risk management. In the game you can clearly see the importance of risk management as a tool to prevent, and the importance of prevention. We should warn us, not for us to pay with lives.3) Other people. As seen in the 2008 crisis, corruption and mismanagement and embezzlement show us that human factors are critical even when we talk about natural hazards, as all measures for risk management, people are involved in these situations and many fraudulent opportunities are open. This is precisely because in a situation of risk people are more vulnerable and others can take advantage of this fake opportunity to explore others.So it would be interesting to have a game where there is interaction with other people, where the decisions of others influence our decisions and also the development of our city.