4175506

In order to make the evaluation easier, I have divided the essay as per the three guiding questions and included a recording of it here: https://www.dropbox.com/s/ypbto1mb7ib0qwm/WBRisk.mp3. ¡Thank you for your time!(1)The game consisted of developing a community while managing risk by employing the three main strategies we learned about in this week's materials: producing knowledge about potential shocks, building protection from the risks implied by those shocks, and insuring the community in the face of the situation. Researching the risks involved by shocks as well as their likelihood, when combined with ETA (estimated time of arrival, which could be inferred from the comet's movement across the sky), allowed us to prepare effectively by best applying the other two strategies.Building protection meant allocating financial resources and time to the task that could otherwise have been used towards further developing the community or purchasing insurance. On the other hand, purchasing insurance meant spending a sizeable amount of cash at once, which again could have gone towards building more pods. Although research did not consume any financial resources, development and protection building were still hindered by the exclusive time dedication required to produce knowledge about each shock/comet. However, the more research was done about a specific comet, the longer the time to establish community connections later on, which made it much easier to recover and cope in the aftermath of the shock.(2)Once I got playing the Unity version of the game things were pretty straightforward. My strategy consisted of developing as many pods as possible to begin with and inmediately start investing on protection. Whenever a comet appeared I would do research in rates directly proportionate to their severity and chances of hitting. Before a threatening comet would impact, I would make sure to have purchased insurance, choosing the kind depending on the amount of capital available at that point. My first priority was always to keep the development meter green. As long as it was green and I had capital, I would further invest in protection; otherwise, I would build more pods. If no cash was available, I would focus on doing research. I think this strategy was quite effective as it took me only one game to reach level 4. If I were to play again, however, I would spend more time researching as well as less resources on insurance and more on construction.The main lessons I derived from the game are:- Lack of financial resources is one of the main obstacles to overcome when managing risk in the context of development.- Hence, strategical decisions need to be made in order to balance development, protection and insurance.- Even when no funds are available, it is possible to do research upon which social capital can be developed to alleviate the damage caused by shocks and foster swift recovery.- Ultimately, effective risk management is necessary for sustained development even when achieving it requires an initial deviation of resources away from concrete development actions.(3)I live in Caracas, the capital of Venezuela. Since the game deals with infrastructure building, in order to adapt the game to my environment I would suggest implementing two building options: a higher cost - higher quality one, which would represent buildings constructed with imported materials, and a lower cost - lower quality one, which would represent buildings constructed with local materials. To further recreate conditions on the ground, a randomized availability of building capacity over the course of the game would mimick scarcity of construction materials in the market and hence execution constraints.