4180957

Hi everyone So I want to say that this is really an exciting game. I played it a few times. At first I could not imagine that it is possible to make progress up the second level. But then I changed my strategy and several times was very close to reaching the fifth level. Well, now I'll tell you about what my initial strategy of the game and  what I changed  in the process  when I received the game experience.Initially, I tried to build all six units, but I never had enough money, so I acquired the minimum insurance coverage (25%). Protected me nothing worked.  I tried to explore the meteorites, but it does not help me very much. So I was forced to change its strategy that would reach the second level. I stopped trying to build all units and originally built only three and then improve them, after that I was building a following units. I still used the minimum insurance coverage, studied meteorites  and  work with protected the extent possible.So I achieved the second level of progress, but I wanted more and I again changed its strategy.  I noticed that the minimum coverage is forcing me to spend a lot of money and time to recovery (after damage) units. So I decided to purchase the maximum insurance gives 75% coverage. I has more free cash and I sent them to the development units. Protection as before, I has worked on occasion. Due to this strategy, I was able to approach several times to level 4.However, I was, as before, unhappy with this strategy, since it has not been systematically involved protection. So I decided to improve it.  At the first level of the game I  immediately recieve maximum insurance coverage, build three units and improved his to the three level. . After achieving some progress I still had 20 seconds of free time that I spent free-times in the end on the defense. The second level of the game I started with the following build 3 units and upgrade and improvement to the third. I  also immediately recieve maximum insurance coverage well, the ending time used for protection. The same way I did on the third level of the game, except that protection  my units no longer worked. Since, it allowed me to approach the fifth level.If I were a game developer and I had the opportunity to modify its I would add to it a couple of external risks such as earthquakes and volcanic eruptions and accordingly coverage on them and the possibility of their research. With regard to internal risks, in my vision is that it is difficult to offer the new ideas  is not changing itself  the game platform.I hope that my advice on how best to play this game will help you enjoy it Yours Sincerely Andrew Valoviy