4207501

I would like to begin by saying that I thought the game was
well-designed and effective at conveying some of the central concepts put forth
in the course thus far. Thank you to the game designers for a job well done!

Four lessons from my experience playing the game stand out above the others and clearly demonstrate the role of risk management in the game. Though I write in general terms, I hope that the reader will
draw parallels to his or her own experience playing the game.

First, the need for constant development cannot be
understated. Without continuous development, progress is unattainable. A
holistic approach is the most effective means of ensuring progress, and this
makes sense intuitively. The Achilles’ heel of development, however, is access
to wealth. Without a steady influx of wealth that increases with time,
development can easily become stymied.

Second, an insurance plan that is optimized for your needs
is a cost-effective means of safeguarding the gains that you have already made.
Though it may seem like you are incurring additional risk by selecting an insurance
plan that fails to provide complete coverage for future expenses, the reality
is that the money you don’t spend on insurance is sometimes better invested in
areas such as development or protection.

Third, building strong connections will save you in times of
crisis. This is especially true when confronted with crises of severe magnitude
and duration. Banding together during a crisis allows for a more efficient and
equitable distribution of aid to the places where it can do the most good.
Thorough institutional planning and robust networks between individual actors
can facilitate an effective response to a crisis.

Fourth, determining your appropriate level of protection
depends deeply on your level of knowledge. Knowledge is a function of research
and experience. Good research will inform you about the types, severity, and
frequency of hazards you are likely to face in the future. Experience helps to
guide your research and steer policy in the right direction.

The first time I
played the game, I failed to complete the first level because I did not place a
greater emphasis on development and building connections. Even though my
community did not sustain damage during the comet strikes, I focused too
closely on purchasing the most expensive insurance and acquiring the highest
levels of protection. This severely hindered my inflows of wealth and limited
my capacity for development. The second time I played the game I adopted a more
balanced approach and succeeded in completing all six levels. 

The one change that I would make to the game would be to
better clarify the link between the rate of wealth acquisition and level of
development. While I assumed that developing my buildings in the game would
lead to a more rapid influx of wealth, I felt that this was not explained
during the tutorial as well as it could have been. 