4207487

Good night , my name is Vanessa Beltran, I’am Colombian, I apologize if my English is not drafting in technical enough. This game was very interesting because show, how we can manage the risk in few seconds, and bring me the opportunity to learn how important is take the best decisions for have the best outcomes. the manage of risk is an important element inasmuch as one person that don't have the ability to averts setbacks, handle stressful situations or face consequences sometimes this can represent a major disaster. 

At the game that risk was always a permanent element and one bad decision will represent lost the game and in the real life millions of died and lost of important resources, the risk of  take one plan of action and this don't be successful represent that the investigation and the prepare in advance had fails.
The preparation had a determinant effect, when i am prepared for the meteorite impact, the consequence and the  damage was minimum, sometimes with out damage, but in the measure that the prepared was bad, after time the game over, because don't have good outcomes the actions that I take. This situation represent the importance of investigation and knowledge for prepare one plan of coping a threats and unexpected risks, when we don’t examine what we are facing the risk of fail, increases.

In the next time that I play the game, I will pay more attention in the investigation, and I will take more conscious decisions because sometimes I used my intuition for develop a strategy for win, I don't prepared a plan and in some moments I lost a lot of time thinking what was the best option, but my answer was incorrect, and in many opportunities I can't pass the second level.

I would add more options for answer the situation for example the power to diverting or safely remove the meteorite; it will cost more money but is a new option that can represent no damage to the infrastructure and the people. The chance of hit is based in preventive measures and this options bring this option and some settings for the form and construction of the infrastructure is necessary, for win the game.

This game show me in what aspects I fail and how the use of new strategies with knowledge, preventative measures , and good resource management make the difference in win or lost the opportunity of development. 

Thanks. 