4213607

The role of risk management is essential to ensure the survival of the community in this game and keeping the community happy in order to continue to the next level. Three different tools - risk research (knowledge), land-elevation (protection) and insurance - can be used to prepare for and cope with the consequences of a comet hit while the community is being constructed. However, time-constraints and financial limitations lead to certain trade offs: The cost of taking out insurance coverage decreases the availability of financial resources to construct or upgrade new houses or the cost of elevating the land. Moreover, the time spend on comet research diminishes the availability of time for constructing new buildings and elevating the land mass. My choice in playing the game was always similar for the insurance tool: I always chose to acquire a 75% insurance from the start, because I was sure that the highest insurance possible would leave me with the smallest financial loss possible. Since I was thus left with less money, I decided to only construct two houses initially and upgrade those two constantly. This provided enough development speed so the progress bar would remain green - indicating that I could reach the level goal. Hoever, while houses were being constructed I equally allocated my other resource - time - to protection and knowledge measures. Yet, this was only possible, as long as there was only one or two slow comets approaching. The geame thus adresses the obstacle that risk management measures have to be adapted according to the potential risk. I played the game more than once. Initially I did not use the protection tool, because I was concerned that it would leave me with too little money to accomplish the construction of enough houses. Moreover, it also requires time to push the bar to elevate the land, time I did not have in case I wanted to sufficiently research the potential risks of the comets. However later, in a second try, I decided on a to compromise:  When a comet was very likely to hit, I neglected the land elevation and when the chances of a hit were low I focused on the land elevation. The experience of a higher success in the game (reaching further levels) by using a balanced combination of all three different tools teaches the message, that for risk management to be successful, all different types of measures need to be combined. One thing I would change is the waiting time after a hit, why is there a up to 45 second barrier until a player can see how much damage was done? This only causes frustration and actually led me to abandon the game. I also do not see how it contributes to the teaching goals of the game. Moreover, I think the circumstance, that a comet's waves always hit all houses as once equally should be changed. It would be more realistic to make some houses more vulnerable and others less (depending on their position on the map). Hence, e.g. if the damage is 24% some houses should be more destructed than other, maybe even leaving certain houses unharmed. I think this change represents the circumstance that construction quality and safety measures as well as the geographical position of a house matter for the effect a disaster can have on a building.