4237774

Risk management was a major component of the game. Choices had to be made between spending money on building new structures and investing money in protection, insurance or research. Through the game I have learnt that the balance between immediate investment in infrastructure must be weighed against preparation for the unknown. It was interesting to see that even with thorough preparation luck still played a large role in the game. I played the game several times and found that on some occasions I would get a string of meteors which missed and on others I would be hit time and again with high damage. The further I progressed in the game, the more severe were the consequences of a significant shock. Because development had progressed the cost to repair was greater. I found that often it only took one shock for which I was unprepared to knock me out of the game. Once I had received severe damage all of my income had to be directed into repairs in order to meet the development goals for that level and I was unable to prepare adequately for future shocks. The cycle of poor risk management was difficult to escape once it was started!The first time I played the game I simply put money into building and insurance. I found that I did not advance very far at all with this strategy. When I played again I tried to spend more time on research so that I could target my respons of building protection when it was possible or buying insurance when the consequences of the meteor strike were too high for protection. I learnt that a balance of research, insurance, protection, community connection and coping was necessary, rather than relying too heavily on just one area.If I could change one thing about the game I would try to incorporate some other way of building community connection. The idea of pressing the coloured lights seemed like it had been added in without much thought. It might be possible when you are upgrading the structures to choose between different types of buildings. One choice could be commercial buildings which would increase your revenue stream. Another choice could be community buildings (along the lines of civic centres, libraries, service groups) which would not give the same opportunity for income but would help the community's resilience in the face of a shock.Overall I was very impressed with the way that the game took the concepts of the first two weeks of the course and through a very practical example opened my eyes to the difficulties of putting them into practice. It was a novel way to refresh the concepts. 