4243181

1. I think the role of risk management in this game is complementary and parallel to the challenge of development, which undoubtedly is the priority, achieving the objective of the proposed development. For this reason, at first, you may think that you have to give preference to use the means and resources available only for development. However, if you do not make timely investments in the protection and safe, then it becomes very expensive and is very difficult to have the necessary resources to protect and secure the developments achieved when the comets come to impact on the planet, You have to give equal importance at the time and resources, both for protection and assurance, as so to the construction of the buildings on the planet. It is also very important to constantly review the information we have about the risk of impact and intensity of the effects from all comets, when they are coming on the horizon. If one spend much time preparing for the risk, one is taking time and resources that are necessary for development. The strategy is to be vigilant and alert with the information about the risk and effects of each comet as they arrive and according to the gravity of the information, should be spent more or less time preparing.So in this game is vital know, not only, how to combine the resources and time to be allocated to the construction, and also, to gradually invest in protection, according to the information to be received with all comets that are coming on the horizon, and of course, must strive in always having the maximum assurance as be possible. 2. I played several times and have had a hard time, until I finally got a fourth level. I was always improving the level, from the first level to the second, and so on. Then, after several attempts I got to the third level and it was only after several plays that I finally got to the fourth level. I thought it was sufficient time devoted to the game. After my first plays, I started to give more importance to the information contained in the comets about the possibility and intensity of impacts when they collide with the planet. And depending on the seriousness of the information received, I took the decision to build more or invest in protecting and securing the developments. Also, I realized the importance of invest always and progressively in the protection of the developments achieved on the planet.The main things I have learned in the game have been, first, understand that the development and risk management must walk together. It is not just to focus on the development and see risk management as something apart. The risk management and development simultaneously involve the opportunity to win or lose as we develop our habitat on the planet. Second, the game was at first difficult to understand, but when it is more clear about the objective to be achieved, it is then clear that we won if we can develop our habitat on the planet, and we also are alert and in conditions for attend the risks involved.This game teached me how to harmonize the use of resources and  time, between the construction, protection, information, and assurance. This game teaches how this harmonization must be achieved in opportune way . 3. I think the only change that I would add at this game has to do with the location of the buildings. Sometimes, for security reasons, you can not build again on the same site. One also must learn this somehow.