4280909

The role of risk management in this game is how powerful and clever you are to build and protect your "city" to confront the danger. I mean, there is always the risk that the comets will hit the earth but the game give you certains tools to help you manage this risks and this is how you use this tools to confront the possible risks. Possible, because some of them are inoffensive. I played the game twice, and in both cases I couldn't pass level two. It was a great experience for me because there is a huge difference watching the videos, watching TV and observe always the problems and then be able to confront them by your own using the tools, building the pods and doing some research about how powerful or destructive will be the comets. I mean, playing the game you can realize (a little bit) what it means to confront a problem.I remember that when I was playing I did not want to spend my money on building pods, so I just save some money to use it after the comets hits the ground, because I thought it was the correct thing to do and because I want it to use to purchase an insurance program.At the same time, as I read the instructions and followed the tutorial before playing, it was a little hard for me because I am not native in english and is my first english MOOC. I know that that does not count, but for me it was harder to understand the game and be able to play it. I did not know what was a pod, so it was difficult.If I have to do a new version I would do it a little more easier, in order to be able to pass level 2 at least. As I read in the Discussion Forums, many of us only played until level 2 and it was almost "impossible" to reach level 3 or so. I think it is important to reach other levels to know how and what it is to offer a good protection and insurance to the "city" and be able to see what it is to use your knowledge to help. Also I will add some advices meanwhile you are playing, in that way you can see what is the correct answer. In other words, and in my case, I did not understand why always the game stopped in level 2. So it will be good to offer the player a final message as for example: "You lose the game because you failed in these aspects and... etc".