4285016

Risk Horizon: Reflections

The Risk Horizon game was essentially a risk management exercise that focused on three aspects of risk management: protection, insurance, and knowledge through research. In the game, the player is in charge of developing the society of Alora, which is frequently exposed to comet strikes. The player must construct enough buildings to reach the development milestone and gain resources that can be used for development, comet research, insurance plans, or long-term protective measures.

I noticed that each of the three aspects of risk management present in the game had varying effects, both on Alora and on the effectiveness of other risk management options. For example, while lifting Alora was a long-term solution and protected the community from multiple threats, comet research seemed to be effective for single comets that are too powerful or too late to be handled by the elevation method. In addition, lifting Alora progressively became more expensive and had a negative impact on development. Insurance helped in reducing the damage wrought by extremely severe comets, but had limited use due to its high initial costs and its relatively short period of coverage.

On my first try, I focused too much on development and construction, not allotting enough resources for protection and insurance. Hits from several powerful comets drained my resources and left me incapable of finishing the development goal. On my second try, I concentrated on providing protection and insurance, at the expense of inadequate development. Having less developed infrastructure, I was also unable to reach the required amount of development. In both cases, I was only able to reach Level Two. Only by balancing risk management and development was I able to complete Level Four.

As part of my strategy, I ignored comets that had a very low probability of hitting the planet, even if they were very powerful. I only raised Alora to a level sufficient to fully protect against around 80% of comets. To prepare against the remaining 20%, I used a combination of comet research and insurance to recover quickly from any damage. I also made sure to build or upgrade buildings whenever possible, while leaving a small amount of resource available in case of emergencies. I also ensured that damage was repaired as quickly as possible, since damaged buildings contribute less to Alora's development.

If I decide to play again, I might reduce my dependence on insurance, since insurance is only effective for a single level. Instead, I will channel more resources to development and repair. I will also plan my activities such that I have more time to research, helping me determine which comets pose a significant threat and at the same time help Alora prepare for extremely powerful comets.

Risk Horizon clearly demonstrates some of the complexities that leaders need to face. The necessity of risk management often coincides with the desire to maximize development. While risk management is essential for long-term prosperity, many solutions require sacrifices, typically in the form of high capital requirements or temporarily slowed rate of development. On a wider perspective, although the game is suitable for emphasizing the difficulty of risk management, it is still very simple compared to real world situations. In particular, the game suggests an ideal scenario wherein few obstacles to risk management can be found. 

Therefore, I recommend more options to become available which focus on these obstacles, including the effect of government inefficiency or public resistance.  I also recommend that addition of special buildings that influence Alora’s capability to use protection or research, since in the real world, infrastructure can affect what risk management options are feasible.