4293196

1. The game looks at five fundamental things as a city is
being developed – the risk of a comet strike; the severity of the strike, the
cost of replacing/repairing buildings when a strike occurs, the ability to
share the cost of repair throughout the community and the ability of the city
to minimise risk through preventative measures. The threat of a comet strike
was high due to the number of comets so it was prudent to prioritise preventative
measures like raising the city. Raising the city was a relatively cheap measure
to protect against damage and offered a quicker economic recovery then insurance
because damage was minimised even in the event of more severe strikes. Insurance
helped cover the costs of restoration and recovery after more severe comet strikes
but it had little benefit for ones with low to medium severity especially once
prevention measures were in place. Importantly, the high cost of insurance significantly
slowed the development of the city whereas preventative measures did not. Moderate
research was helpful in determining the likelihood and severity of the comet
strike but the sheer number of possible strikes suggested that preventative
measures were prudent. Taken together a more developed city with good preventative
measures to resist damage for the majority of comet strikes was in a better
economic position to recover quickly and continue to develop than an unprepared
highly insured city. 

2. The game took a couple of goes to understand the value
of balancing risk with the speed at which one developed the city. Continually
improving preventative measures as the city developed appeared to give the best
outcome. 3. One other potential variable could be the location of
the city relative to the water’s edge as the key risk is flooding due to comet
strikes, rather than the direct impact of a comet strike on the city. If the
city is further from the water source then it will likely experience less
significant damage in the event of a flood as the flood must travel further
thereby losing power (think tsunami) and less developed land will have less
value and will therefore be cheaper to repair in the event of flood damage.