4300985

Reflections
from the Risk Horizon GameIntroduction

The
present essay aims to present the author's reflections about the Risk Horizon game,
which is part of the evaluations in the course 'Risk and Opportunity: Managing
Risk for Development', offered by the World Bank in Coursera platform.

Concepts
Definitions

Risks, also called the ‘known-unknowns’ (Lechler, Edington and Gao,
2012, p. 59) can be defined as factors whose occurrence might facilitate
or hinder the achievement of any kind of activities or objectives. According to
the Oxford Dictionaries (2014) risks might indicate the possibility that something unpleasant or unwelcome will
happen, so it is important their proper management.

Risks are presents in
almost all activities (World Development Report, 2014, p 53.), and from the
point of view of development these can be classified into systemic (natural
disasters or financial crisis) or Idiosyncratic (specific to Individuals or
households) (p. 53). With the concepts presented is easy to see how important
the correct identification, quantification, prioritization and development of a
risk management strategy is important in order cope with all risks might exist. This process is referred to risk management (Kerzner, 2009;
PMI, 2013) and according to Ramona (2011) is composed of two main activities:
risk assessment/analysis and risk mitigation. With respect to risk assessment
or analysis, this can be done in two ways based on qualitative (Qualitative
description of risks) and quantitative (risk resource values, frequency of
occurrence, etc.) elements of risks (Ramona, 2011; Rot, 2008).

Game
Reflections

The Risk Horizon Game allowed
the author of this report to experience interactively, a process of decision
making under conditions of risk and uncertainty. Through a quantitative risk
analysis as defined in Rot (2011) and Ramona (2008), it was possible to manage
risk by balancing actions towards the sustainable development of Alora, and
actions to prevent negative impacts of falling comets. 

With this game it was possible
to perceive in practice the importance of preparation in the analysis and
management of risks. Analyzing the probability of impact
severity, the chance of hit as well as studying the comet in order to obtain
more data on it, it was possible to prioritize which type of investment to make
(Infrastructure or security). In the first two attempts the author did not
manage to complete the game successfully for not having considered the time and
insurance. In its third attempt the author invested in the acquisition of
insurance and became more flexible in the analysis of each comet, adjusting the
level of the village depending on the likelihood of severity after some period
of analysis of each comet.

If the author of this
report had the opportunity to redesign the game, he would propose that as the
phases were advancing new risks (related to households, crime, war, etc.) were
introduced. This proposal is based on the facts that in real life are present
countless risks, and this would allow the game users to understand how to
manage risks in such cases.

References

Kerzner, H.
(2009) Project management: a systems approach to planning, scheduling,
and controlling. 10th ed. New York: John Wiley  Sons. 

Lechler, T.G., Edington, B.H.  Gao, T. (2012) ‘Challenging classic
project management: turning project uncertainties into business opportunities’.
Project Management Journal, (43)6, pp.59-69 [Online].Oxford Dictionaries (2014) Definition of Risk In English. [Online].

Project Management Institute. (2013) A guide to the project management book of knowledge (PMBOK
guide). 5th ed. Newton Square, PA: Project Management
Institute.

Ramona, E. S. (2011)
‘Advantages and Disadvantages of Quantitative and Qualitative Information Risk
Approaches’Rot, A. (2008) ‘IT Risk Assessment: Quantitative
and Qualitative Approach’The World Bank (2014) World Development Report.