4317708

The role of risk management in the game was very crucial. It involved developing the village keeping in mind the available resources and also to develop smart mitigation techniques. Those involved gaining the knowledge about the risk and finding ways to cope with them.The insurance policy in case the disaster had occured was there in the game which covered the cost of restoring the village. On and all the game was about the overall management of all the components of risk management that are knowledge, protection and insurance and how to keep a good balance between them soas to avoid any critical situation.	The major choices that i made were proper development, a moderate insurance and also a thorough knowledge ie research of the risk.It was very mportant to have a good research on the comets as a better research gave more time for the community connections. Also better research sometimes reduced the potentialthreat of the comets. Protection against the comets played a key role. The more you lift the land up the better are your chances of less damage. Also making more pods and upgrading them helped to speed up all theprocesses. Insurance covered the costs of restoration of damaged pods at a much lower price.	The proper preparation helped a lot after the comet strike. It gave more time for community connectionsand lower cost of restoration.I played the game more than once. The first time i played the game my pods were not upgraded and my researchtime also lagged. Also i took the highest insurance policy which was not required in the lower stages of thegame. On playing for next time i took moderusiate insurance, lifted the ground to heights, developed the podsand upgraded them and also did a good research on the comets.	The most important thing that i learned was the importance of balancing all the processes for properly coping with the disaster.The game was very interesting as well as very properly developed as it covers the aspect of risk management in a very simplified manner. If i were to develop this game i would have added an aditional feature of resource or tools otherthan money alone because even if you have enough money but still using the resource efficiently is very important. This came to my mind because the place where i live is usually affected by low rainfall, so managing the amount of available water efficiently is of prime importance.