4319255

Excellent game, valuable
learning, I played for 5 times and discovered first that to be in power in a
Government, for example, every leader must know the effective tools for each
situation and be focused in development. We cannot leave the small city,
country, company or home unprotected, so based on research the leader shall allocate
the resources assuming some risk in order to have a healthy finance to apply in
development. Now I see risk as an opportunity for improvement. A good example
is an airplane; we can keep an airplane on the ground with minimum risk, but
will not transport anything to anywhere, totally not logic. As soon as you have
a good risk management, you can choose your destinations, invest in training,
maintenance and provide a relatively safe transport.

Knowledge is one pillar of good
risk management; I could reduce my investment in protection, based on the
research of the severity and chance of hitting of the meteors. Same as a
Nation, the leaders that do not have good knowledge on where and how to invest
the money can destroy the hope of millions of people, not talking about
corruption, that I believe is the worst plague for any Nation. 

During the game sometimes, I had
to raise the earth level not enough to support the searched damage, but made an
insurance as well, dividing my support in case of a hit. Other good support, I
tried to upgrade the community as much as possible for the people not feeling susceptible
to the risk, and continue developing the community.

The first two times I played, I
was in a learning mode, made some mistakes, like tried not to have any risk. I
spent much money in insurance and raising the earth, and it did not allow me to
have enough money to develop as expected, by the last two times I played, I was
pretty much balancing my money between protection and development.

My only suggestion for the game
improvement would be making the choices a bit more complex, something like SIM
CITY, options for building hospitals and fire brigade, but overall, I believe
the game met the expectative. It is a wonderful resource to train the risk
management. Maybe a game including crime, plague with investments in health
care, and other systemic risks.

Another suggestion, to have more
games like that, where we can exercise our knowledge and learn with the
limitations of real life simulation, fantastic!

Parallel to our course, I am from
Brazil and I live in Dubai, I can see many of both realities in the World Bank
report, there are many examples of different kind of government, monarchy,
democracy, etc… and on each kind of government I can observe good and bad risk
management. I can see how luck are the ones who live in a place with good
leaders. And obviously, we can observe migration from low development countries
to developed ones, sometimes people give up, they get tired of waiting and
trying to go further and migrate to where can be respected, recognized and have
a better quality of living and future.

Many thanks for the opportunity to
live this experience. I am enjoying every step in this course.