4333161

The main idea of the game is based on the two essential objectives of Risk Management which are produce resilience by preventing disasters to be out of control and achieving prosperity by continuing in construction process. So the role of risk management is clearly covered through making the player confront risks of both hitting the village and bankruptcy.the most important choices are when several risks appear in space. In such cases I primary rely on research measure to build a base knowledge about the most influential risk and the most urgent one to provide the appropriate protection so I can reduce the losses and increase the benefit.The more research I have, the more time I will have to make community connections before a shock hits, so the more protection I can gather.However, I preferred preparing for risk by protection more than depending on insurance in order to use money in invest the limited time by build more pods as long as I have enough protection which allows the village to face dangerous risks. But I used the insurance in case there was not enough time to prepare, and also to be quicker and cheaper to rebuild my pods when the comets damage.Fortunately we have enough resources to cover costs of preparation in contrast of some developing countriesActually, I played this game many times,First I don't know how to win or what the point of this game, but after many time playing I realized that I need to build and upgrade my pods.These help my meter fill faster, and reach my goal in time. I can build many pods at once as long as I have the resources for it.The goal is to try and balance between all of these actions in real time in order to master the game.And I know that research by having a comet selected and the telescope window open is another way I can prepare for incoming shocks if the protection slider begins to cost too much money. The more time I spend with the comet selected, the more research I will collect. but this takes away time I could spend doing other actions. Its all about balancing.Also, when I purchase an insurance plan, I am protected for the rest for the round. Damaged growers will be cheaper depending on the plan I buy. Each round the plan's will increase in cost, reflecting the amount of development I have done.so the point of this game is, you must keep in mind when you are attempting to balance preparing for comets and reaching your goal before time runs out.If my task is to developing a new version of the game, I will create something to represent the internal condition of the place that I live, not only focus on the external environment, so I can prepare more for the risk, also I will create a modern technology of building in very low cost, this idea simulates the opportunities that may able to gain.