4333523

I only managed to progress past level
one once in the first hour of play, though I had thought that I had
understood the tutorial; and I never managed to get passed level 4. While I discovered new techniques
each time through, I was not able to find the right balance between
research on the meteors, protection (by means of lifting the
community away from the waves) and development (which seems to have a
relationship with building the pods, but that relationship is not
exactly direct). I also could not figure out if I should be focusing
on number of pods, or the extent to which they were upgraded. Toward
the end, I was focusing on smaller numbers of further upgraded pods,
and I'm really not certain that I was getting anywhere with that
strategy.
I noticed that preparation for risk
took a very long time, cost money, and held the development meter
relatively flat. Upgrading pods also did not seem to have much of an
effect on the development meter. On the other hand, research on the
meteors advanced the development meter considerably, but even with
insurance it was difficult to bounce back after an impact that was
not protected against. Without insurance, the cost of repairing the
damage to the pods was extremely prohibitive. Even when I simply chose
to purchase insurance at a slightly lower level, the cost of repairs
were so much more difficult to keep up with.
I found that the rate at which the
meteors hit seemed unrealistic. That said, it is possible that
it was proportional to the sped up rate of building and upgrading the
pods. In relation to the speed of protection progress, however, the
meteors seemed to come at a very high frequency. Though, this did change if I reloaded the page.
If I were to play again, I think that I
would focusing on building a larger number of pods, rather than
trying to upgrade them extensively. I think, also, that I would
dedicate more time to increasing protection of the pods. I certainly
would not, even make the mistake of not buying the top level of
insurance.
If I were to create my own version of
this game, I think I would create something that was a bit “closer
to home.” While the space pods were intriguing, I would would base
the town on a community on earth, so that the results of the players
actions would translate more easily to real life situations. Also, I
think that I would make it such that the player could engage in
multiple tasks at once. In a real society, it is possible to work
simultaneously on protection measures, research and building. I might
also have research cost money, as I don't think I remember it having
an associated cost in this game.
Overall, I would say that I enjoyed the
game, and found it to be quite educational. I would certainly be
willing to play a more expanded version of the game (that would allow
the player to make more specific choices as to which protection
measures to take, how much of the budget to invest in each area:
building, research and protection, etc), if such a version were to be
released. I have enjoyed games such as the Half the Sky Facebook
game, and Plan It Green in the past. I really do see the value and
potential of this type of game in its ability to familiarize a wide
audience, including young people, with risk management concepts. I am
excited to see what may come of this idea!