4344287

         The primary goal of the game is to save the community(pods) from being damaged by meteors. One of the aspects of risk management is to manage natural risks which are intrinsic to the region, in this case the risk being the meteor strikes. So to develop the community or in other words to advance to the next level in the game we need to have enough resources which are gathered by the pods, but the meteor strikes hamper this development by damaging the pods. So we need to find the right balance between development and managing risk by using tools such as insurance and community co-ops etc., which are provided in the game. The main choice which I had to make was how to balance between development and protection(managing risk). If more resources were to be spent on risk management alone then the rate of development would lag and we would fail to advance. So at times instead of completely averting the risk it was easier to manage the after-effects of risk once it has been realised, through means such as insurance and community co-op which are provided in the game. The preparation for risk did affect the development by slowing the rate of development as the game progressed to higher levels. The cost of managing risk also grew with the proportional growth in the scale of the risk.          The first time when I did play the game the focus was more on managing the risk and thus the development aspect of the game was lagging behind. This way advancement in the game was limited because even though the risk were averted the cost of risk management was much more than the rate of development thus hindering the progress of the community as a whole. The next time i did find some balance between managing risk and developing the pods. This helped me to advance to the next levels in the game. My primary focus was on development through risk management rather than the latter alone. The game helped me to realise that development should always be the main objective rather than just managing the risk. At times the fear of the uncertain future plays a big role in deciding the priorities of the people. If the perceived risks in the future are higher than usual then people tend to always go for safer choices, thus losing out on higher returns and development opportunities. Thus the game helps us in understanding the fact that risk management should always go hand in hand with utilising various opportunities and never should it become the only priority of any person or a community.                 The game is simple and has only two aspects of the risk management embedded into it. The concept of risk management covers a wide area of topics including the ones which are in the game. The change which I would bring about is to add the opportunity side of the risk management to the game to make it more realistic in nature. The concept of risk aversion always has new opportunities embedded into it and if we could add aspects such as new opportunities to develop the pods once the risk has been realised it would make the game more interesting. Always risk brings in new business opportunities and this should be better reflected in the game by adding features like exploration of meteors for valuable minerals or scientific data etc. This would make the game more interesting as well bringing about other aspects of risk management into it. 