4344390

To progress steadily through each level, it is important to upgrade each  every built pod at least once within the level.  This is not possible if one overspends upon defence measures, but if a comet strikes and the player is uninsured, the collective damage will impede development and prohibit progression.Something that is crucial to eventually complete the final level is to, 
at the very start of the game, focus on upgrading a small number of pods
 from Level 1 to Level 2, before filling up all of the empty plots with individual pods.  In 
game terms, this might seem obvious as it costs less to upgrade from the
 base level than it does to build a new pod from nothing.  But I think 
this neatly reflects the significance of a 'perfectionist' strategy 
versus an 'expansionist' strategy in development  risk management.Each defence strategy comes with its own distinct risk attached.  Research is a preparedness strategy, not a preventative one, and also represents the risk of human fallibility- maximum research may still yield incorrect findings.  Insurance comes at a high cost, despite the fact that it may never be used.  Physical defence measures, as represented by the raising of the land, are a great drain upon finances, and a balance must be struck to prepare a suitable minimum level of protection, which the player may improve upon by later establishing 'community connections'.An insurance policy should not be taken out until about midway through the game, at which point the level of development that one has attained effects several factors that make insurance worthwhile.  Firstly, the increased burden of damaged incured by pods of Level 3 or above, if not offset by a progressively higher insurance plan, will obliterate any hope of reaching the targets in standard of development.  Secondly, highly developed pods will increase earnings, so that beyond the further upgrade to each pod, a surplus will be generated large enough to cover the cost of the insurance policy.I think it is important to focus research efforts on those comets with a greater severity, rather than those with a greater chance of impact.  I recall a story told by a great computer-game designer, Sid Meier, who was responsible for the Civilization series of strategy games.  He spoke of when he set up his first games-design company, with a business partner who was an ex Air Force pilot.  Together, they had competed on an early, arcade-style Flight Simulator game.  Sid Meier beat the former pilot, because he recognised how the game mechanics differed from the flight mechanics that his competitor was used to.  I felt that the same was true of Risk Horizon, in that on occasion the risk mechanics were overshadowed by the game mechanics that were attempting to emulate them.  For me, the most incongruous element of the game was that element which represented 'community connections'.  Whereas all of the other game elements relied upon abstract decision-making, 'community connections' was an element of practical skill, and if one is a good gamer, it is possible to reach a level higher than that which reflects one's quality as a decision-maker.  But perhaps this was deliberate, to represent what the game designers consider to be the greater importance of community connections over physical defence measures  third-party insurance policies.An aspect that I would add to represent risk management choices in my country would be to somehow penalise the earnings of a player who accumulates too great a surplus of funds, therefore dimishing marginal utility, rather than allocating them effectively to furthering development or inhibiting damage/risk.