4346366

GAME REFLECTION 

Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for
Development

 

 The game join the
three most important steps in the risk management, trying to combine the
development of a little village with
the risk of suffer the shock of a comet impact, as a example of nature disaster
in this case.

 The three steps that we have to combine are
the research of the event in order to obtain the most adequate protection and
insurance for probably damages.

  In my first attempt I did not understand the
game very well so I think that I over insured my village and over protected as
well, but afterwards I did understand that the money it was employed in
insurance and protection I could not employ it in development and I run out of
time to get the goal. On the other hand, I realized that a comet without an
appropriate insurance could cause a harmful damage in my village so I had to
find the correct balance between these two situations.

  I played twice although eventually I almost
get addicted. The first time I played I run out of time because I paid for the
higher insurance and that had got a high cost of opportunity for my village
development.

 The second time, there was a comet that caused
a little disaster in my village despite of my level of insurance and protection
but it was just only one comet and by a short difference between my degree of insurance
and the damage that caused, so I believe I get a very realistic simulation
because I think that we are never protected for all kind of shocks in a hundred
percent level.

 At last I tried to do constantly things, I
mean, first of all get the minimum insurance and afterwards I tried to develop
my pods as much as I could at the same time I researched the comets and
regulate the bar and insurance level for the appropriate protection according
to my researches.  That was the best way
that I found to be correctly protected and insured at the same time.

  The game is very funny and very simple to play
and I think you can learn some basics about principal components in risk
management, so if I had to improve something, I think I would make some kind of
shelters apart in the development of the village. I would penalize more the
development without adequate shelters for the size of the population, measure by
the number of pods. Trying to show the idea watched on videos about Chile’s and
Haiti earthquakes and the different damage caused by these disasters measure in
human life quantity. Maybe this could make more understandable the
importance of human life over pod development.

 In summary it is a good game that let you to
understand the key points of risk management and that the good balance between
these points is a powerful weapon to fight versus any shock. 