4348630

1 - My choices and their effectsThe risk management allowed the civilization to evolve and prosper even in an environment of quite frequent disasters. My priority was to build and upgrade pods as much as possible to generate more credit - to be able to build protection and buy insurance. I always tried to be prepared for upcoming threats (comets) but in the end of the game (L6), reparations afterwards were the only thing I was able to do, since the occurrence of disasters was more and more higher. Having appropriate protection and doing research allowed me to cope with the aftermath better. The big role (maybe bigger than I would expect) played the insurance - having the highest level of insurance was usually the key factor of efficient coping with the impact of the comet (at least in my type of playing).2 - Main things learnedI played several times. I learned to understand the threat (learning about comet types) and use available information in order to be able to assess the threat and the minimal protection needed what helped me to stop over-protect my world (what was my biggest repeated failure at the beginning) and, hence, save the credit for the insurance, build more pod capacity so I had  more time for research. I also learned that timing was very important - or maybe more specific, managing the cash-flow was important to be able to build, upgrade and have time to research (and buy insurance). I learned to prioritize and act quickly. I was unable to determine whether it was better to build less pods but more upgraded (more expensive with increasing upgrades) or more pods less upgraded (harder to quickly repair after the hit, less productive). I was also surprised how big role the insurance played - I guess that the parallel would be that after the shock, money can provide the most effective coping since they can be transformed in (almost) any help/coping instrument necessary. In game, the recovery from disaster was more easier with insurance than it would be without it. I was not able to test whether it was better to go for any available insurance at the beginning and then buy the more expensive one (hence to build basics for improvement) or to wait until I had enough credit to buy the highest insurance (to safe money). The most interesting observation was that it was very hard for me "read" game behaviour and adjust my strategy according to it - I failed several times with one same strategy until I decided to change it. Actually, the longer I played, the worse game results I got. I guess I forgot to keep it simple and tried to make my strategy too complex. 3 - Tips for game improvementI would prefer to be able to test and experiment with particular sub-systems of the whole world. When I had an idea to update my strategy I had to start all over and other systems interfered with the one subsystem I wanted to test. It is like having the opportunity to train separately backhands and forehands in tennis before training them in a game. I would also welcome more information about the outcome of my strategy at the end, so I would be able to think about its upgrade.​ During increasing my protection, I would also welcome to see the progress of its increasing, and not only the drop of my credit.