4354940

Risk management in the game played had  an important role namely; It offers the capacity to prepare in advance for a shock or risk as the case  may be and also the ability to cope afterwards. This can be achieved using the interlinked components of risk management which includes; Knowledge, that is getting information on risk and using such to make judgements. This is done with the aim to understand shocks, internal and external as well as the potential outcome thus reducing uncertainties. The other part of risk management is Protection. protection helps to reduce the probability and size of loses and increase benefits. The third component is Insurance, which basically is to transfer resources across people over time, from good to bad states of nature. and lastly, effective risk management involves coping, and this includes, updating knowledge and using whatever protecting and insurance measures which are in place to recover from issues and make the most of benefits.in this game, i had the choice of either increasing knowledge, protection or insurance in preparation for the risk. i made decisions based on the impact assessment of those risks. whenever risk are high i increase protection more and tend to always have an insurance cover.Risk could affect development either immediately as the case may be where there is a hit and its impact is felt. In such cases resources (scarce) has to be expended. on the other hand, risk could affect development, after some time, as preparation for risk takes away resources meant for development to using it for preparation for risk.I played the game three times, and the first time, i discovered that i had wasted time and resources in preparing for the risk without actually taking time to develop the community. this was what made me lost the game in the first round. however, after the first round, i gave more attention to developing the community and only prepared for risk when its chances for hit are high. And the main thing i learned from the game is not to spend too much resources on protection.