4355319

Question 1.The role of the game was to teach balance, through the use of game concepts that required quick thinking and the ability to learn from mistakes. The rate of
development (continuous building and upgrading of the pods) had to be balanced against the ability to buy insurance at various levels of cover, raise the level of the land/housing against floods caused by natural disaster (comets) according to the research on their level of impact, do enough research to be informed, make linkages across and within communities. Because the game player had a limited amount of funds, development that was rapid without insurance, for example, was likely to fail due to the effect of natural disaster. The only way to increase wealth was through prevention, i.e. research, raising the level of the community and building community links. These last two were more apparent after time, whereas insurance was a more obvious, faster impact.Risk management was tackled through insurance at various levels, pod upgrades, rapid pod repairs, building community links as quickly as possible in a short time, and raising the level of the land to match researched needs.I needed to trade off the level of insurance as the jump in rates was substantial, versus likelihood of impact (knowledge) and whether the land was high enough raised (protection, dependent on knowledge).Preparation for risk slowed down development, since monies needed to be spent quickly on at least basic insurance and time spent on research.Question 2. If I played the game only once, I would definitely read through all the instructions first! I kept clicking on the comet to update my research when all I needed to do was hover over it. I would also pay more attention to the level of severity of the comet for longer, as it took time to raise the level of the land to respond to the level of threat and in some cases severity increased just before impact.After the first time I slowed development and paid more attention to the comets, and bought at least level 1 insurance.The main things I learned included a few concepts put into practice, including a) build community linkages quickly and whenever you get the chance b) always have basic insurance c) watch the horizon and try to learn as much as possible about the potential level of threat that is coming d) don't develop too quickly, rather spend time on upgrades and follow through on repairs wherever possible to ensure a stable environment e) balance is not easy and practitioners of risk management / development have a lot to offer developing communities in getting them to think about what is sustainable development versus unfettered growth f) teaching risk management can be fun and addictive!Question 3.In general, the risk management issues in Cambodia include the chance of flood, loss of crops, poor health and loss of income. Levels of personal insurance are low, although community savings funds are growing. Access to farming land effects income capacity. So I would add other criteria that impacts their income that they must co-manage while they are growing their community and their land. For example, the impact of the comet may burn all the farmland and destroy the crops, so insurance could also cover that, and health insurance needs should be met so they can maintain funds for growth as well as medical costs in time of a comet-like emergency. Perhaps a community savings group could grow their funds and be increased in line with successful community networking.