4368405

After playing the game Risk Horizon. I learned the significance that I should
retain its balance and should adjust level of the protection and the insurance
while developing. What was the role of risk
management in the game? I am as a player and a developer.I have adjusted the protection especially. If you played the game only once,
what would you do differently if you were to play it again? At first, I did not know how I played
because I am Japanese and I could not the explanation of game.After I played three times or four, I can’t
only take level 1 score.I felt that this game was so difficult.But, I found some key facts. The first is the damage when it happens a
disaster.If I played the game without insurance, the
damage was too big for me. The second is the indicator in left of
screen.If I used too high of the protection, the
color changed to orange. So, I have adjusted to use the insurance
and the protection while developing my structures.It is so important to the balance.Although the speed of developing is
important, we should prepare for what is happened. The third is the knowledge.I wrote above my experience.Those are my knowledge of the game or the
developing. What change would you propose to
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? I understood that I should have an
experience and I should collect the knowledge from everything.If we work on a development project, I
propose that  we must have a management
system or organization.The system should have four important teams.The first is having a planning team.Generally, it is no good to start work on a
project blindly.The team will plan the project while considering
cost, term, stakeholders and others.The second is the implementation team.I believe that the brain and the body, the
implementation team and the other, should be kept apart because the
implementation team is working hard and therefore is not able to judge property
at times.The third is the monitoring team.They supervise everything about the project.The fourth is the analyzing team.The project needs specialists to analyze
it.The most important thing for a project is
feedback and improvement.When accidents or disasters happen during
the development term, they can be analyzed with detail. Analyzers will find many issues / problems.They will see clearly from the issues what
we should improve on.













































































































If you can build a functional system or
organization, the project will be a successful.