4372958

The role of the risk management of this game is healthy development. There are some plot or land that I should protect some different comets risk. And adjust with the future risk to save the land. Basically I wanted to develop the plot to minimize the risk from comet. First of all I used my knowledge which plot should I develop with the cost minimization for taken future risk. I used maximum Protection, I think if we conscious about the future happen we can minimize the risk and I save my plot and pod from the comets. I also used different insurance plan when I see the comets severity is high and chance of the comets attack is so high. So I took insurance for future risk minimization. I always take some time to affect development plot because I want to see the future comets attack and about my money position. I played the game more than once and enjoyed that. I saw the difference between from the first and last game is if you more research about the risk and maintain the prospective ways like use knowledge, protection and insurance that is possible to risk minimization. In my first game I did not know how to tackle the comets and what is best way to minimize the risk in cost effective way. But in the last game I know the proper way and overcame develop the plot in best way. So I understand need to learn about the risk and risk management. The main things I learned from the game that take prior preparation and conscious about the risk to minimize the future risk. This game is full of knowledge about the risk management and faced some problems and learned how to overcome from there. But I think we are faced always same type of risk in same way. If we develop the area to face different type of risk like cyclone, floods, droughts and other most important risk factor. Comets is the good way to think about risk but it should be practical way to learn with enjoy. On the other hand the graphics is not better to reflect to children or young people to learn risk management. If it is developed I think every level of person enjoy to play this game and gather knowledge. Overall the idea is fantastic but it can be developed with proper way and can be possible way to make awareness about risk management and its opportunity.