4375343

Risk management served as an integral part of the game ‘Risk Horizon’.The game characterized the practicable aspect of risk management strategies in the development of the town ‘Alora’ with the objective of balancing the risk preparations against disasters and potential development. The powers of research, protection and insurance were the strategies without which risk could not be managed and would have resulted in greater loss due to disaster. In order to maintain the balance between development and protection, several trade offs were faced along with managing the finance for risk management, protection from shocks, insurance and development of the community. The limited financial resources called for their distribution in an economical and efficient way. The most important trade off faced was between investing in development and in protection. In order to protect the community from the disaster and the following loss, providing protection was inevitable. The insurance helped in reducing the extent of damage caused as the insurance companies provided with monetary aid to repair. As a result, these activities involved in risk management affected the development by reducing its pace. Development of community stagnated for a while when the finance was being used for protection and insurance. However, the development did not show any depleting trend. Playing the game four times taught me the importance of development within the limited time frame. Keeping a pace with the development level along with the protection and insurance level was an essential to win the game. Thus, by taking this factor in account I accomplished three levels and reached fourth. I lost the game twice while I was about to reach the fifth level. The game taught the essentials of developing a community with keeping every aspect in mind particularly the risk management for the potential danger that could accompany severe loss. The game was self explanatory which was its best quality. The good difficulty level showed that the strategies of risk management require both time money and resources. 
If tasked with development of new version of the game I would like to add up some more risk management strategies apart from the powers of research, insurance and protection. Migration of the people living in the community to safer areas when the warning is provided – is a component important to risk management. By adding this dimension to the game people will avail the opportunity to safeguard themselves by moving to safer ares.Improving the research facilities and early warning systems could strengthen the protection.  Also, improving the after damage aid will provide a commendable assistance. 
Overall, the game experience was challenging and memorable. It taught the foundation of risk management and its strategies, its significance and its impacts. Therefore, it is evident that risk management is an indispensable force which is integral to the development process.
