4393602

What was the role of
risk management in the game?

Risk management is the way to protect your development to
avoid unpredictable disaster that could strike anytime in coming future.

 What choices did you
make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,
and insurance?

Here is my strategy by steps and I am repeatedly practice
until I can reach the upper limit bar.

1. Develop as many plots as I can.

2. Buy 75% insurance whenever I have the money before severe
comet strike.

3. Observe the severity of the comet and increase the
spending on the protection

4. Upgrade the level of plots whenever have money

The trick is to spend as much as you can until you can reach
the upper limit bar and keep the bar in green all the way.

In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

Preparation for the risk will develop can protect our
development in long run and the result can only be seen when the disaster
happened.

If you played the
game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? 

Ensuring I will be in green bar all the way without losing
the game regardless of number of plots I can build.

Alternatively, if you
played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? 

Try to reach as high level as I can.

What were the main
things you learned from the game?

Risk management based on parameter control.

The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk
management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game,
which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

I am staying in Singapore. I do believe the risk in the big
city like Singapore is about career, money, skills set. There is no disaster
happened in this place.

If setting a game, I would prefer a game based on career and
financial security. So the parameter shown in the game is insurance,
protection, development, disaster and indicator. I think the parameter that I
wish to put in is about the projection into the future for given 3 years, 5
years and 10 years. I could believe there is always different preparation
needed to be done in different time frame. In Singapore, the risk we need to
take on will definitely everything related to career and financial. Skills set
improvement and saving will definitely a major factor to determine how well
future can go.

Thanks.