4398875

1)    The role of risk management is to protect from the effects
of uncertainty and it is the same case in the game risk horizon. Any form of
development is backed by risk and shielding from it is the role and responsibility
of risk management. Similarly the three ways of risk management in the game, which
are, POWER OF RESEARCH, which gave knowledge about every comet, their
probability of hitting the island and the severity. POWER
OF PROTECTION, which reduced the magnitude of negativity from comet hits and
increased the gain from positive effects and also the POWER OF INSURANCE, which
helped to shift the cost to externalities and save the resources for better
use. All these three ways ensured that the development made by creating pods is
least destructed every time a comet hits the island.

To maintain
a balance between the cost of development and cost of risk management is tough
and the cost of risk management involved was the trade-off faced every time a
comet hit the island and increased my cost of repairing the pods

Every time I
prepared for development I had to ensure allotment of a considerable amount in
protecting the pods by either raising the island or purchasing insurance. As a
result of ensuring more protection I had to give away to development often as
costs involved was high for both development and protection.Lack of fund to
invest affected immediate development.

 

2)    I played the game more than once. In the first
round I faced the difficulty of maintaining a balance between the cost to develop
pods and cost of risk management. Because of which I took long time to develop
and lost considerable amount of time in managing all together. But in the next
round I understood how to manage both the cost and time so that I develop pods
quickly along with protecting those from the risk of being hit by comets.

The main
learning from the game which I had is to balance the cost of development and
cost of risk management within the stipulated time. 

 

3)    If I were to develop a new version of the game I would
like to make two small changes. Firstly, to bring the comets from different
directions randomly and not just from one side. This would definitely make the
chances of hit high. Therefore, my second change would be, to be able to shift
the island to any direction (left- right) across the sea space. This will make
the game even more challenging along with just raising the level of island from
the sea bed. This could be even supported by a small counteracting step where
in the last stage of the game when the pods are fully developed and number of
comets hit are very high, the developed pods can release a missile to shift the
direction of the comets hitting and would reduce the chances of hit(just an
imagination :)).

 