4423818

The role of risk management in the game was to protect the small settlement from the effects of asteroid impacts that could severely affect its development. We could reduce risk using three variables, each of them had an explicit cost as well as the opportunity cost of not investing those resources on development. The one that I found most useful was the insurance because it allowed me to be a bit more careless with knowledge and protection, speeding up the development process (I bought the most expensive one the first three levels and it saved me from two major impacts). Still, I spent quite some money on protection whenever a fast asteroid would appear, leaving me no time to investigate it. I played the game three times. On the he first try, I spent too much on risk management policies and could not reach the level 1 development goal. The second time I made it to level 2; I was hit by a low threat asteroid that turned out to be extremely severe, great protection and a cheap insurance plan were not enough to deal with it. The third time I spent a lot more on insurance and knowledge, I was even able to surpass the development goals of the first three levels. However, I got too confident; by level 4 I only bought the 50% coverage plan and dismissed another low threat asteroid. I was about to hit the goal and still had a full minute ahead when it hit, the damage was massive and it set me back below level 3 development marks. With not enough money to even repair the affected buildings and two above-average threat asteroids ahead, I was forced to tap out. I'd say that the main thing I learned is that I should never just trust my luck when having little information about a problem; also that short cuts for development are generally bad, being relatively slow but safe can take us further in the long run.I live in a developing country; things that I learned to take for granted in other places in the world, like trustworthiness or punctuality, are generally hard to find here, making them highly valuable assets that can be deciding factors in big decision making processes. If I could add anything to the game it'd be something akin to that problem, maybe devaluing the buildings in a random or periodic manner.