4424315

Role of risk management in game is to reach the development meter bar in limited time. The risk management must built pods and protect their pods from threats (meteor strike) that comes randomly. If their pods destroyed, the milestone will increase slowly so the risk management must keep the pods from threats with increasing protection but the development milestone will stopped or using insurance to reduce the repair price for each pods. For each level, the threats will increasing (the number of meteors will increasing with chance and severity increased) so we need to decide what actions that we take, either keep upgrade the pods and increase the protection or using insurance. My choices to win the game are keep upgrade the pods and maintain the protection level according to threats severity. If meteor come with high severity, we need to keep the protection level match to the severity or 1 level more high than the meteor's severity. For level 1 and level 2, i only built 3 pods to  increase the development meter. When the money reach certain number, i upgrade the pods to higher meter and i keep the protection level to highest level as soon as possible. The insurance will taken if the severity and chance of hits is very high. Upgrade the pods is must and for level 1 and 2 we don't need so many pods to increase the development milestone. Keep upgrading until all the pods have same level. At level 3 and more, upgrading pods and build more pods is the way to increasing the knowledge milestone and don't forget to reach protection meter as high as possible than meteors threat. Take the insurance only if you feel that the protection level is cannot protect from the multiple threats. Some meteor with high severity and chance of hits will move in slower speed, so we can keep our eyes on the meteor. First time i played the game i cannot finish level 1, it's because i'm holding so much money and didn't upgrade any pods. I only built 3 pods and keep increasing the protection level to maximum level. But after i lose the first game, i used different way. I keep only 3 pods in earlier level and always upgrade the pods when i got the money and keep protection's level 1 level more than severity level. With that ways, i never get damage from meteors strike, so i don't need to spend any money to insurance and i can upgrade pods more higher and built another pods.If i have a chance to developing a new version of the game, i will add the disaster not only from natural disaster (such as meteor strike). I will add new aspect such the food meter. If we don't fill the food meter, the development milestone will increasing very slowly rather than if we keep the food meter higher. Each pods will need certain food meter and the higher level of the pods, the food meter will increasing too. The food will increase automatically. There're also have some research section in the game that can help us in game, for example for quick research on meteor, increasing number of food per second, increasing number of money per second, and also slightly increasing development milestone while the protection level is still upgrading.