4427349

I found the game quite challenging
and a good example of how to practically apply risk management. The game sets
you as a manager of a space colony. Your job is to ensure that the colony is
growing at a steady pace, while also protecting it from disasters which are
caused by comets falling and causing floods. The game offers limited resources
so you need to be a good administrator in order to achieve the status of a thriving
colony.

The major trade-off you have to
make is between protecting the pods and developing the colony. For example:
when I wanted to raise the level of the colony, the bar on the left went red
meaning that the colony is not growing. Another trade-off is between using
wealth to upgrade the colony and buying insurance. Lastly the time trade-off in
which you could spent time researching comets which have a high probability of
impact, or you could do anything else like raising the level of the colony,
upgrading pods.

I played the game two times. The
first time I was stuck at level 4 and the second time I managed to finish level
6. The first time, I was too cautious. I bought up too much insurance and I
spent a lot of money and time on raising the level of the colony. I did not
receive a building damage, but I was unable to develop my colony in time. 

On my second try, I decided to
try a different and more risky approach. I bought only the first level of
insurance and raised defenses at a smaller pace than before and I concentrated mainly
on developing the pods. I also employed more time on researching comets with
had a high risk of severity on impact. While I received some damage to the
buildings, my wealth reserves were plentiful enough to repair the pods. This prompted
me to the conclusion that the best way to ensure protection is development.

If I were a game designer, I
would incorporate more risks and risk protection to this game. I live in
Romania in an urban area, so the major risks are corruption, fire and
earthquakes. For example, you should be able to have a staff at your disposal.
They could be efficient, but they could also steel from your wealth so you need
to over-check them. Fire could broke out, so you should have fire
extinguishers. Earthquakes could be countered by choosing the materials for your
pods: cheaper materials offer less protection. Of course, I would also introduce
a loan system in which you have to pay the sum loaned by the end of the round.