4453768

GAME ON
RISK MANAGEMENT. Asignment

1.       The role of risk management is to confront
natural risks in order to prosper. In the game, one needs to take investment
and risk management decisions trading off higher project investments with
upfront costly strategies that help prevent or smooth/lessen damages overtime.
Decisions involve weighting benefits and costs of i) research to improve our
knowledge on how to better deal with the risk, ii) infrastructure related risks
that lessen damages and, iii) insurance that lessen private net costs of a
given damage. Well suited strategies may help players to achieve development
goals. They can smooth revenue-wealth realizations over time, allow to sustain
investments requirements and, thus, increase net benefits growth and chances of
survival. 

2.       If I played the game only once, in
the second trial I would invest more in knowledge and research in order to be more
acquainted on the pros and cons of the different combinations of feasible
strategies. I would also try to be more rigorous deciding on the level of
insurance per type of risk. As I played it repeatedly, in addition to improve
upon the previous issues, I tried to better understand the link between
investment – risk – returns – speed of growth. I think the main insights from
the game are i) it helps differentiate conceptually the different components of
the environment (events, risks, investments, growth, risk management
strategies), ii) it helps trying to figure out how to incorporate components
interactions and interdependency dynamically, within financial and time
constraints, and without mixing each components’ contribution. 

3.       What would I change/add to the game?
It was not clear to me what was behind each causal relation. The link between research
and costs/benefits, the relationship between elevation and disaster prevention,
and contracts clauses in the insurance markets. So probably as you move on, I
would add a general advisor that could answer a couple of questions, or give
you few tips and structural information.

 