4469668

1, The role of risk management in the game is to settle  a healthy and effective  risk management policy for developing the Alora community and meeting the milestones set by the level. Risk Management shall effectively cope with effect of the shocks caused by falling comets which can impair growth. This risk management strategy turns into practice  through knowledge of risk of impact and magnitude of effect, though  proper protection against the effect by raising level , by  improving community protections, and by matching long term protection against the waives raising the island up to the severity of the comets. Knowledge is more effective in the short term in the case of  preparation against adverse effect and in fact in this case it increases immediately the resources at disposal of community;  insurance is more effective on the long term since insurance intervenes only in case of adverse effect;  protection is effective in the medium term since the rising of the island increases slowly with time. The policy of preparation for risk through risk management strategy affects positively the development of the community by creating more resources with deepening the knowledge of risk, by protecting the already erected pods by raising the island to the correct height (so destruction is avoided), by putting in place community protections since they are very effective in curing the effects of undergoing disaster and eventually bring the effect and the impact to zero; preparation through insurance is very wise move and effective when disaster actually causes damage and repairs can take place more quickly and extensively thanks to insurance.2. .I played the game more times. i appreciated the quick and solid effect of knowledge on growth of community  since it is the key element to reach the goal of development and its milestone on time. It is the correct tool to establish the following steps in risk management, i.e. both  in establishing the necessity of insurance due to probability of hitting and by establishing  the level of long term protection by raising the level at the proper scale, In playing the game I also appreciated the valuable effect of community protections while coping with the effects of the hits of falling comets. The right mix of the different policies is essential to achieve the target and the milestone in the due time and therefore to reach the following level. Actually the game is real time practice of risk management policies in their correct mix in order to be fit and effective.3. I would for sure  improve the implementation of  the knowledge factor in terms of variety and kind , since threats are always new in kind and the corresponding strategy to cope with risk involves consequently  more technology and means to be put in place.  So knowledge is to be better clarified with different hints on how to understand the event. In addition,  community connections strategy is to be improved and better clarified in the game in order to offer a proper idea of how such connections can improve risk management. Community connections are the real key of risk management:  when you really try to cope effectively with risks without resorting to external aid and  to extraordinary aid,  you give evidence that community is actually mature to cope with risk. Last, insurance can be more specific and less generic, in order to suggest different solutions for protection and there fore stimulate the development of sensitivity to cope with different severe risks.