4488714

1)The role of the risk management (RM) in the game was very significant. The game was to develop and upgrade your community/pods by balancing risk preparation and healthy development.I have to make choices and trade-offs in terms of knowledge/research, protection and insurance. It was very important to develop pods by researching comets, if I have found that chance of hit  intensity was greater, then I have taken the insurance not less than 50% and also increasing the level of protection due to this impact was less and financing was at its place. Hence, steps what I have followed was as follows: Research(1)--Develop Pods(2)--Protection(3)--Insurance(4).After analyzing the risk, I have planned my next moves in development of community. RM helps me to plan properly by managing obstacles by looking at series of issues such as incentives, information, behaviors and resources.2)I have played the game more than once that is 5 times, as 1st attempt was to familiarize and understand the game and later attempts was to cross the levels. In 1st attempt I have lost level 1 and in 2nd attempt I have lost level 2 and I have progressed and improve my game by winning level 5. Initially, I have made many mistakes, such as I was developing pods without considering protection and insurance, hence when comet strikes I have damaged my pods immensely. Later, I have taken Insurance, but couldn't consider development and up-gradation of pods. But soon, I understand the game and used my resources aptly by balancing both risk and opportunity and come out with flying colors.Important learning from this game is to strategize first by taking into account both risk and opportunity and then plan and implement so that your efforts bear fruit.3)One change which I would like to do in the next version will be increasing the level of difficulty. This can be done-- by increasing number of comets-- by increasing speed of the comets -- by adding new insurance policies i.e. not only 3 choices (25%,50%,75%) but more choices such as 15%, 30%, 45%, 60%, 75%, 90%-- better representation of protection, as it was difficult to click key continuouslyWith these changes, game will become more difficult and more efforts and concentration on analyzing and strategizing would be required.