4489802

I did not realize it was going to be so challenging
and versatile.

The game even showing imaginary planet is just the
right description of the Earth problems.

At the beginning I tried faster growth along with
higher insurance levels which in case of a shock led to severe damages and made
me start all over. Then I tried slower progress with more attention to the
protection and monitoring the comets. As a result I minimized the damage,
caused by the shocks, reduced insurance and achieved slower but more stable
growth. Monitoring comets helped for better predicting of the potential damage
and planning resources for protection. The earlier I spotted the “harmful comet”,
the better I could prepare for it. As we know collecting more data makes
estimations more precise (Law of Large Numbers).

The Insurance helped me to minimize and recover faster
from losses, although I found protection more useful.

Also when I had some time left after reaching the
required level of development I tried to spend it raising the surface and
strengthening the protection. It helped reduce loses and make development
smooth in the next Level. This was some king of transferring spare resource (time
to build protection) over time.

Through the levels the money was no longer an issue –
the further you go, the more you get. The only problem was saving the progress
in a limited period of time. So the time remained big issue and it became more
and more difficult to control and plan! Therefore it was critical to do your
best in protecting the progress achieved. Even thought better protection made
the growth slower it improved resilience and allowed to avoid the damage
or to recover faster.

It appears that the balance is crucial.
Growth is in one hand and protection is in the other. Even if you think you
have enough resources and time – one “strike of meteorite” can bring you back
to the beginning. Therefore it is important to pay enough attention to the protection
and monitor the scene along with constructing. After reaching a higher level of
development the insurance becomes very important. Because repairing of many
upgraded houses costs really a lot (more than 75% insurance for 4 stages all
together)! So the further you go the more attention you should pay to the
insurance. And when the "black day" comes it all pays off! 

 

In the place where I live there are no so many natural
disasters to be afraid of luckily. One of the biggest issues remains short living
expectancy 62 for men and 74 for women along with retirement age of 60 for men
and 55 for women. More over the amount of the state pension is very small (around
200$ for pensioners). 

The main issues are: 

1) For both men and women it is crucial to make savings
(investment insurance or simply investing) during the active period of live and
living healthier life to get the benefits after the retirement. Unfortunately
there is too little or no financial education among population and a very small
percentage of people really think about the future. 

2) Average man lives only 2 years after retirement. Average
woman lives almost 10 times more, but almost alone and with little smaller
pension. It is crucial to change the way of live as early as possible and teach
healthy behavior and saving patterns.

It is very useful develop a game/tool including this
two issues and teaching people think in advance about their future. It possibly
can give some live expectancy depending on the way of live ones have and
savings (preferably investments) he makes in time. If you know the estimated
monthly allowance after retirement - It can really make you start thinking
about the future. Because the future is now!