4502385

What was the role of risk
management in the game?

Each element
of risk management was represented and was needed to achieve success and was
need for success.  

Insurance

Insurance
was one of the more straight forward elements. 
While it reduced the cost of repair aiding recovery, it became more
expensive over time and it had no impact on repair time.  Repair time became more important with each new
level and began to dominate. 

Protection

This had
two impacts, it could avoid damage (which meant no loss of production) and
could lessen damage should an event occur (lower recovery costs).  

A late hit
spelt doom, you could not recover before the period ended.  The danger period was controlled by the repair
time which became longer as units got bigger.   Hence, the role of prevention from damage
became more important so that there was no damage and no loss of continuity and
production.  This also allowed a
carryover of resources to the next level.

Even if
damage could not be prevented damage was reduced if protection was in place,
thus allowing easier recovery.

Unlike
insurance which is renewed each period, protection also had a multi-period span
hence investment span multi-periods.

The
higher levels of protection that are need in the latter stages are very
expensive, hence it needs to be built-up as resources enable.  Also you need to repair protection that gets damaged.

 

Knowledge

Knowledge
was essential to understand the implication of a comet strike, ie probability
and consequence before it happened and also to help make the trade-offs between
building, insurance, protection and research. 
To place too much resource in any one area minimizes the chance of
success.  For example, the amount of
research put into comets need only be enough to get a reasonable understanding
of probability and consequence, ie when the values stop changing, at which time
further investment is wasted.    

Nor are
the relationships static.  The relationships
between protection, protection and insurance change as the game develops.  In the early stages, while trying to build, insurance
is needed to “boost” your resilience making repairs, so building can
continue.  However, this needs to be
balanced against the need to build protection for the present and later stages
and building production.  

As time
goes on repair times become more critical hence there needs to be more
investment in protection and less insurance while still maintaining developed
and increasing income generation.

Finally
with strong income generation, it is possible to do away with “formal” insurance
and by maintaining a stock of money to effectively become “self-insured”.  This allowed money to be directed towards protection
to of the higher value units and growth in a flexible way.  That is by temporarily stopping growth, it
was possible to build-up protection while a dangerous comets was crossing the
sky and hence better match investment.

Hence
the knowledge of changing relationships was essential to completing the game. 

 

Differences between First and
Second Game

The main
differences was that I had over invested in insurance and under invested in
protection in the first game.  This meant
that I was caught by the impacts of a late hit and the inability to repair in
time.  In the second game this imbalance
was redressed and only medium insurance was taken out and more was put into
protection.  By the end of the game self-insurance
was being used.

 

Changes For Where I Live

I think
that some way of recording and building on knowledge would be good.  For example being able to build information
on the frequency of comets, would mimic the development of flood probabilities.

 

600
words