4528011

The
role of risk management in the game was to identify and cope with risk of
natural disaster by protecting the settlement via insurance, learning about the
devastating effects of the disaster and applying lessons learn to minimize
damage in the future.  The lesson learned
from the activity was that certain tradeoffs had to be made in order to cope
with disasters.  Personally, I found that
I underutilized insurance when it came to rebuilding and found that by
maintaining and increasing insurance, I was able to rebuild my producing assets
at a much more efficient pace that allowed for faster growth.   Preparing
for the present risk was something that I found to increase over time and
something that I did not grasp quickly.  Over
time, I was better able to learn which tools I needed to deploy that would
provide maximum protection against a disaster and provide a faster recovery
time.  It got to where I was I knew
exactly which levers to pull in order to get maximum benefit.  The overall experience taught me that there
is not a “silver bullet” to use that will satisfactorily resolve each issue
however by learning from past failures and implementing what you learned, you
are able to cope.

 

I
quickly found that insurance protection in this game is very important and was
grossly underutilized in my early efforts. 
The first few times I played this game I essentially ignored insurance
and found that any impacts were devastating to my settlement and impossible to
overcome.  It was only after playing the
game a few times that I found the value in protecting my producing assets and I
was able to recover from a disaster more quickly.  As a secondary piece, I also found the value
of increasing the distance between the tide and settlement by raising the
land.  The value in this to me was that I
could somewhat offset the time spent learning about the asteroids which allowed
for more development and more productivity. 
When used in tandem, insurance and ground elevation were invaluable to
me and allowed me to build my settlement much faster than I otherwise could
have.  The three main things that I have
learned from playing this game is the value of preparation of a risk event,
that protection from uncertainty provides value to your assets and that time
management is critical in a developing risk event.  

 

I
currently live in a region of the country that is experiencing drought and
water resources are low.  The water
district that serves my community has maintained permanent water restrictions
until further notice.  As water is such a
critical element of life, I would suggest to my water district two
proposals.  The first being to fund
educational efforts to learn more about water efficiency and host classes for
its citizens to understand how to use water more efficiently.  This could maybe transform itself into
extending the district’s reach to water filtration systems as to capture more
grey water and refine it to potable water. 
Or, to seek alternative methods of water discovery.  The second proposal would be to construct
additional water pipelines to areas that experience higher precipitation to be
used as a plan B type scenario.  Learning
from the drought is just as important as providing protection from future
events in order to recover.  In the game,
I would propose a plan B type scenario so that in the event that a disaster is
devastating, there was a choice to flee and rebuild in another location.  In my local situation, that is exactly what I
would do in the event water became scarce. 


