4531441

I played once and reached level 4.The main and only goal here in the game is to develop the community. The development bar has to be filled to achieve a certain level to pass every stage. However, there's a risk that the comet impedes the development by damaging the community while you only have limited money and time as resources. Two risk preventive measures can be conducted, one is to elevate the island the other is to upgrade the pods. An insurance can be purchased to mitigate the repairing cost.As to me, I did not balance the risk and development properly. The way I played was quite conservative. Firstly, I purchased the 50% coverage insurance in each level. Secondly, I allocated a huge amount of money to maintain the elevation of the island to prevent the flood. Thirdly, I did not put too much money on upgrading the pods. Though my pods had crammed the island by the time I failed on level 4, only two of those was level 3 and all the others were level 2. My island was benefited for my conservative approach since it was only damaged by the comet once. I almost succeeded to pass level 4 since my development bar was so close to the threshold.In hindsight, I should have lowered the investment on insurance and level raising. The hard part is that the money to be put on risk prevention can not be quantified into details due to time limitation. If the project is scaled up to a practical level, the investment would be calculated to achieve an optimal balance between development and risks prevention.The game provides a basic perspective on how risk can be mitigated or even prevented during the development. I had fully grasped the idea to ensure a healthy development by initiating preventative measures even before I started to play. Yet in reality, as is stressed in the videos, the main obstacle is that people always lack the incentives to invest on risk management. Especially when in practice, the authorities are rarely rewarded for what it prevented with the cost of a huge amount of money. This game is based on the premise that the players understand the importance of risk management while the risks awareness is hard to promote in the real life. On the other hand, people always struggle to identify risks while the comet, which is the only risk in this game, is so conspicuous that no player dares to neglect its influence.