4538281


Risk Management played the key role in this game. I had to evaluate simultaneously different indicators in order to take the right decision. There is a good quote from «1984»: All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. I can say that on trade-offs in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance. Everything was very important but I had to pick the most efficient Risk Management solutions. You really can't see the results immediately, but after some time you understand if it was a right solution or not.

I played the game twice. The first time I lost at third level. The second time I achieved level four. Even losing the first time I gained experience. I got more Knowledge and understood how to fix my mistakes. But even playing the second time I understood the more you know the stronger player you become. I understood that you had not let the success mask your problems. Even when you win there are a lot things to be done. And evaluation of Risk Management effectiveness is the key to better results.

The game captures, in a simplified way, aspects of risk management.
If I had a chance to add one simple thing it would be cost benefit analysis in order to see the benefits in the form of avoided impact. It would be very similar as in real life when the results of risk management are not observable in the nearest future, they are being ignored.
Working in the banking services industry I understand that a lot of banks here in Ukraine take excessive risks because they know they will be saved by Central Bank or Government.
It all drives the banking system into more complicated situation, when management is weak and incompetent, and thus banks together with clients are more vulnerable. The Central Bank has to save those banks in order to increase social support and decrease protests of clients, who saved money as deposits in such problem banks. It creates a vicious circle. And solving this problem is very tough for the Government.
Risk Management is always more efficient and cost effective in strategic perspective but not tactically as its benefits in not observable immediately. 