4541798

The game is about creating buildings on plots on a far away planet, paid by a virtual currency. This currency plays the roel of a limited resource. From time to time, a disaster happens with a certain probability. If one building is erected, the player gets refunded. You can insure your buildings by paying a fee. The colony provides a revenue which is the higher, the more and better buildings are in place.

@1
The risk management cushions the impact of the disasters, which affected the whole area of the game with the buildings to be build. The measures to protect against the effect of the disasters are research, protection and insurance. As all measures cost resources front up, so they slow done development at first, but makes development more reliable. So after a disaster coming every now and then, development is more steady. It is a wanted and correct learning that these 3 types of countermeasures are needed and must be balanced to achieve the maximum protection with minimum of resources. Neither research, protection nor insurance can do it alone: By research, you gain knowledge and have more time to react. By technical protection, the effects of the disaster are lower. By insurance, the damage which happened is replaced. All of this cost resources. And they pay off only if a disaster happens. So in cases a disaster happens more regularly, the measures pay off in a more regular manner. As in real life, if each measure has a considerable effect, different types of measures are better. In real life it is not sure if the technical protection will hold, so knowing more and insurance can safe the colony from total disaster.


@2
The proportions between building and insuring become different. After a short period of building, insurance is bought. And this is a strategy which applies to many situations: After some progress, it is important to consolidate it. Question is of course, how realistic this game is.

@3
On my planet in my are there are far fewer floodings. But other things happen like car crashes or illnesses, loss of work. For these more regular cases an insurance is in place. The effect of insurance is easily detected here: Slows down the utility of the good or procedure, but creates a more steady flow of income. I won’t change anything, except the structure of  the levels. The game designers choose to use a far away planet and  floodings because of comets. The idea behind is that this leads to more abstraction because it is not the day to day business of people on earth. By that, the designers hope to get a deeper understanding of the mechanism. And of course, risk has to do with fear, so by that abstraction, fear does not interfer with the learning capabilities. If a more realistic setting is designed, users may be more hesitating or may even reject the game.