4553729

1. Insurance and protection reduced the damage from comets, and research (knowledge) increased development. Addition and improvements of plots increased development, but raised the cost of repair. In the game, insurance protected against comets after a short time lag (the first few comets either missed or caused minimal damage). After many attempts at the game, I found that it imposes its own rules for trade-offs. Money limited time spent on building and development, but that was more than made up by research, which was really the only choice when comets were available. When they were not, and money was short, the only possibility is protection.2.  I spent a good deal of time the first day stuck at Level 2 because I did not understand that I was actually supposed to something when a comet hit. So instead of clicking on the green glowing thing to reduce the effect of the damage, I just sat there and waited. On day two, I watched the tutorial again and realized that my mistake.,So, clearly, one thing I learned is to make sure to understand the rules that are available. In this game, a lot of the rules are not available (or are a moving target). It appears that protection is not all that important (certainly does not help much with the development meter), and that the maximum insurance coverage is unnecessary until very high levels in the game. Probably the most important take away is that research (which requires a few seconds of passive waiting) is the most productive activity in the game. This is counter-intuitive, and it takes some time to understand that research is more important than adding protection when money is low. At the more advanced Levels, it is important to keep track of what upgrades cost, so that you do not waste time leaving a comet to check a plot for upgrades when you don't have enough money for the upgrade.3. Perhaps I missed this, because I did not make it beyond Level 5, but if it is not there, I would either add random disasters (asteroids perhaps?) that really are disasters. The comet strikes (time limits and money limits) and the various ways of mitigating against them do an excellent job of illustrating risk, opportunity, coping with risk, but aside from running out of time, I did not feel that threatened by comet strikes. In fact, passively waiting for research points on the development meter turned out to be the best way to advance. Clicking on the light bursts during intervals after comet strikes seemed too easy a way to mitigate damage. I live on a "neighbor island" (Maui) in Hawaii, and tsunami is a random, low-probability risk, but would wipe out large percentages of expensive oceanfront real estate --similar to what I have in mind for an asteroid strike in Alora. Like an asteroid strike, they are random, arising from unpredictable seismic activity.I think the addition of this "disaster risk" would make the game closer to what people in extreme poverty face in real life. In Beyond the Beautiful Forevers, Abdul, the smart teenager, is the "coper" in his extended family, managing risk and opportunity with limited resources,  but an unfair accusation from another denizen of the slum, is exactly the kind of unpredictable disaster that leaves his family even more impoverished, and puts Abdul in the purgatory of the the labyrinthine, and unfair,  justice system of Mumbai. I think the lack of specific guidelines in the game suggest this kind of situation, but an "asteroid disaster" would be even closer to real life.