4554199

                                                 Reflection- Risk horizon
game

Risk management involves manipulating resources to achieve
growth and development within the community. It requires awareness of potential
threats and risk and putting in place protective mechanism to off-set loss and
to cope when losses do occur. 

                                                 Preparation

Knowledge and Protection

The process of researching the looming threat was valuable, but
I also observed that the longer I spent on research, the more resources that became
available. This indicated that knowledge can allow for exploration of solutions
and the ability to choose the most efficient method relative to cost that can
provide protection. This also allows for evaluation of whether options are
socially or culturally acceptable. 

 

Therefore, money is saved directly as a result of avoiding
loss and also indirectly by reducing waste from ineffective programs.
Additionally, I thought that in the process of gathering information, new
linkages can be formed between public and private sectors and also regional and
international communities and this bank of resource can later be used in the
response to future threats which will further save time and money.

 

However, lengthy or thorough research was not always
possible and therefore reliance on some sort of protection and insurance was
necessary to offset the severity of loss. This was one aspect I found I had to
do trade-offs, in that if a severe comet with direct threat loomed, I delayed
research and instead opted to bolster the island’s protection whether through
building projects or buying insurance. 

 

                                                        Coping

Insurance and Protection

It was apparent while playing, that growth needed to be paced
and planned and also suited to the socioeconomic environment; such that despite
the urge to develop pods (make them bigger) and to raise the island, I also
needed to consider that insurance cost and repair would also be increased. Therefore,
my approach to how I developed the pods changed while I played, I recognized that
projects should evolve in such a way that maintenance of those more developed pods,
for example, rolling out of high speed internet didn’t unduly prevent other
sectors of the island from being developed to meet the needs of the community,
such as provision of rural roads for farming communities. Therefore, in this
way efforts to provide insurance could be afforded both for smaller towns as
well as major cities and their citizens. 

 

Road block: what
would I change? 

Preparing effectively to meet and cope with risk is largely
dependent on what is known about the risk. Whereas some shocks give little
warning, such as an unexpected prolonged drought in the tropics, some shocks
give warnings and the impacts seen may be gradual, for example, the impact of energy
prices on the production sector and the resultant impact on exports. During the
game it would be useful if one was able to forecast risk (warning prior to
comets coming in view) perhaps from occurrences in a neighbouring state, and
that during the protection and buying of insurance procedures there was the
ability to continue doing research on the comets (currently research is interrupted)
so that early protective efforts could be put in place while continuing to
adjust as the threat and risk changes. This would facilitate better use of
resources, including time and indicate where to focus efforts if multiple
hazards are faced. 

