455753

1.1)The
role of risk management in the game was to identify the strategic thinking that
is necessary to make informed decisions towards reducing the impact of a
certain event, keeping the balance with appropriate development. Through
playing the game, from a simple but effective point of view, we learn that risk
management takes place through the implementation of a set of measures to
reduce the impact of the comets through preparation (research, insurance and
infrastructures) as well as increasing the coping capacity of the community
through the social networks built, always looking at the final objective of
increasing the resilience of a particular community that faces certain risks
(comets in the game).

1.2) I
chose to increase my knowledge through research so that the community could be
able to prepare to an upcoming event such as the comet impact. In the case of
protection, I would improve the protection measures of my community only if
through research I learnt that the event was very likely to happen so that the
measures related to increasing protection were cost effective. Insurance was an
investment that I only there was a high probability of comet impact so that the
benefit could outweigh the costs. 

1.3.) Preparation
for risk affected development after a certain period of time , particularly the
investment made in preparation was only visible whenever the comet stroke the
community as it allowed the community to recover better, faster and less
costly. 

2.1.)In the
subsequent times that I played , I invested more resources in research as it
proved to be a measure that creates the foundations for the risk management strategies
to be developed under a certain framework so that the knowledge of the probability
of occurrence and severity of a certain event becomes a key decision criteria
to decide which investments or measures should be implemented first or more
intensely.

2.2.) I
learnt that the more you invest of research the better prepared you can be as
the more information is available the better informed decisions are made. Each
context is different and is very important to understand how the community is
exposed to different events in this case to a comet , and how relevant is to
manage all the resources at your disposal in order to be prepared to face a
certain event without  jeopardizing the
community’s development. Investing on insurance and protection allows the
community to recover easier in the first case and to reduce the impact in the
second, however , both measures are only possible whenever there is a certain
level of development.

3) I would
introduce the investment needed for education/sensitization measures as to
introduce a certain behavioral change as this is sometimes a key feature for
the correct implementation of risk management measures if our objective is not
only to maintain the development of a particular place but to save lives as
well. Although recovery capacities were portrayed trough the development of
community connections throughout the game, reducing the cost of recovery, this
was not very clear when following the game dynamics.

