4557557

My 400-word essay My reflections from the Risk Horizon game:Answers:------------1a - What was the role of risk management in the game?Mainly develop a community with the constant risk of falling meteorites. Thanks to Risk management applied, I do it win until 5th stage in the second game. I believe about this game that is a good stuff to learn about risk management.1b - What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? I developed slowly into the community, provided a security framework to enable sustainability in case of a meteorite impact . First build 3 pod-home and increment the security, after I upgrade 1 level one pot-build and build the next pod.1c - In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?I could see that the preparation had a lower cost than rebuild the pod, so I kept the preparedness in high level. 2a - If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?The first time I played I lost in the second stage and I realized that the cost of reconstruction was very high, so I defined play a second time maintaining a high security level.  2b - Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time?The second time maintained a high level of security and over to grow the community. 2c - What were the main things you learned from the game?Better grow slower, ensuring a high level of protection against the risk and uncertainty.3 - The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.
 Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which
 allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?I live in Chile, we have to face earthquakes, tsunamis, wildfires, floods, drought and landslides, depending the area of the country where you live. I think the only one meteorite fall explains to handling one type of risk, when in reality one faces a number of risks simultaneously. The changes I propose are a number of risks to manage different features and make the game multi language because in the world there are more people who dont speak English, if you really want to shared the game around the world is necesary do it.Thanks!!