4576866

Risk management plays a vital role in the game.
Understanding the concept of Risk management is the condition precedent before
any participant in this online program can effectively appreciate and explore
the world of challenges imbued in this risk horizon game. In a nutshell, risk
management is the knowledge hub with which a player can juggle the three laminator
powers in the horizon game. To start with, the falling comets representing
different shocks are of divergent sizes. I utilized the concept of preparation to
ascertain the target shocks which I kept in focus to harness the power of
research. By so doing, I had ample knowledge of “the chances of hit” of the 5
Meteteors (shocks) that prompted. 

The knowledge of these “chances of hit” placed me on my
guard as regards protection which I constantly upgraded as the chances of hit
drew closer and it had a positive effect. I traded off insurance in the
exercise as I relied basically on knowledge and protection.      

Preparation for risk positively affected development in the
game (both immediately and after) through the systematic building of pods which
created community connections which assisted people when shocks came. For
example, the connection of the pods in the game when floods crystalized.      

I attempted the game severally before being able to reach
stage two. In the earlier attempts, I deployed research, protection and
insurance in different proportions but never recorded any meaningful result.
For me to get to the stage two, insurance was excluded to pave way for research
and protection. The key things I learnt from the game is that community
affiliation can fast track a long term protection and insurance. This is
because connected neighbours, friends and well-wishers can always rally round
each other in the event of a shock crystalizing. Furthermore, the game brought
to bear the nexus amongst the three concepts of knowledge, protection and
insurance.

If I am given an opportunity to re-program this game and
tailor it to serve my immediate environment, I will incorporate the following into
the game: first, heavy rainfall will be introduced followed by insufficient or
blocked drainage channels. This will have an effect of flood ravaging the city
which today in my country destroys lives and properties and no remedial step is
being taken to address same. The authorities have the knowledge of what to do
but have neglected to do same, the citizens can subscribe to insurance by
insuring their lives and properties against destruction by flood for the
ultimate effect of achieving protection. Finally, the people can pull resources together in conjunction with foreign donor agencies to address the flooding issues.     

    