4582951

Hello Peer Reviewer,Like most of us, I too attempted many a times at the game. I could pass three levels and failed at level-4. My unique code is : BaJA5VrPlease find below Game Reflection point wise. Thank you!1.1 Role of Risk
Management In the game:

·        
The comets in the game posed as risk elements.
Each comet had a different probability of hitting the planet with a varied
amount of severity.

·        
By understanding this, one has to implement the
basic principles of risk management i.e. identifying the risk, preparing to
cope with its effects and finding avenues of development

·        
The role of risk management was crucial as one
has to develop new pods, upgrade the existing pods in tandem with the comets
(risks) hitting the planet.

1.2 Choices and
trade-offs

·        
While playing the game, to cope up with the
damage done be the comets, I chose to take insurance after developing 1-2 pods.
I took the insurance cover for 50% in level-1 and level-2.

·        
 However,
in level-3 and level-4, I increased the insurance cover up to 75% as 5-6 pods
were developed and upgraded.

·        
As the number of upgraded pods increased, an
increased chance of damage was foreseen and hence I started investing cash on
research and kept the protection bars (on the right) as high as four. 

1.3 Preparation for
risk affects development:

·        
While playing level-1, one has ample amount of cash
and initial cost of setting up pods in low. Hence development is not affected
drastically in level-1

·        
However as levels increase, the cost of
upgrading pods increase, the insurance costs increase and the number of comets
(risks) increase.

·        
There is a clear and direct correlation wherein
preparation for risk affects development drastically in subsequent levels. 

2.1 Doing different
things after playing the game more than once:

·        
I played the game several times. When I played
it for the first time, I was aggressively developing pods, invested low in
insurance as well as on researching about the risk of severity with which the
comets would hit the planet. 

·        
After getting repetitive hands on the game, I
planned the cash flow in a balanced way. I focused on development, community
building as well as spending on research to lessen the damage from comets. I
also took high risk cover in higher levels to minimize the damage and get risk
cover. 

2.2 Key things
learned from the game:

·        
Allocation of resources (cash) while planning
risk protection.

·        
Knowhow of upcoming risks should be practiced to
counter those risks in an efficient manner

·        
Community building is a powerful tool to counter
risks 

·        
Diversification of resources (i.e. spending of
cash) among risk protection tools viz insurance and researching about risks in
a balanced manner. 

3.1 Adding/Changing
one simple thing for newer version of game:

·        
The research button should have numeric levels
of protection and there should be avenues of points which boost development in
terms of cash or shooting comets.

3.2 Better represent
the risk management choices that matter in the place you live

·        
I live in a place where the risk of famine is
very high. This year the rainfall has been scanty till date and there is a
clear risk of drought the nation is facing. 

•Risk - Famine•External Factors : Delayed and scanty rainfall•Environment : Affecting the vegetation as well as increasing inflation•Precautionary Measures: Creation of cold storage and efficient storage
of surplus grains•Opporutnities : Creating employment opportunities for people by
employing them in the supply chain framework 