4583318

The implementation of strong and effective risk management and controls
within securities firms promotes stability throughout the entire game. The implementation
protects the city in related losses (e.g., firm failure, misappropriation,
fraud, etc.);

 

In execution of the risk management control, the development of the
city was immediately performed; insurance, to discounts on possible losses,
comes next, followed by protection, secure the city from being damage, and
knowledge, to re-strategized and project what will happen.

 

I have played the game twice; the strategies that were implemented are
as follows:

Use the resources wisely – making sure
     that there is always an enough resources to supplement the development,
     repair, purchase of insurance, security and research.
 Prioritize the development – reaching the
     goal and completing the green portion of the meter.
 Get an insurance – to protect the city
     from possible losses; the insurance also recovers the lost development.
 Securing the city – making sure that it
     white bar in the left portion reached level 4;
 Knowledge – re-appropriation of resources
     if there will be time.
 

Below are the main things that I have learned from the game:

Develop risk assessment and mapping.
 Outline the responsibilities
 Identify and define the risks 
 Determine the threat level and focus on
     the risk that has the greatest potential to affect the city.
 Establish levels of controls for processes
     commensurate with the perceived threat.
 Record and retain risk incident and
     near-miss information.
 Conduct assessments to determine changes profile
     and assess performance.
 

If given a chance to be in charged in developing new version of the
game, I will include the following:

Enhance cases or scenarios – such as Rains
     and Storms, Sand Storms, Tornados, Hale Storms, etc
 Increase number of character to develop –
     incorporate having some live/moving objects such as: human, animals, cars,
     etc.
 Make the game interactive – give the user
     / player a chance to trade off some resources; giving them a chance to
     sell or buy things; 
 Instead of giving moneys / pop up, make
     the user develop his own profits – install / incorporate some stores, wind
     mills, factory, amusements parks, malls and other establishment that may
     give additional income to the city.
 Instead of just giving money, lend the
     money instead – instead of starting the city with usual money, lend the
     user/player money before starting the game; along the game, this should
     earn some interest. The goal of the player will now is to:Develop the city
  Secure the city
  Generate income
  Pay the debt and interests
 
 