4591996

Game on Risk
Management reflection

I do not
usually play computer games, but I found that this game was interesting and had
very good learning points in regards to the subject of the course.

I played
the game few times trying to use different strategies and f.ex. was trying to
use the risk preparation (increasing the level of ground at once from the first
level, but it then meant the losses of time and I quickly lost, so it was a
trade-off), then I learnt the game better and started taking into consideration
the severity and likelihood of a comet hitting my pods, the amount of money on
my account the level of ground, the type of insurance which I have as well as
the amount of money which I was investing in development of my pods.

Answer on 1st question: Risk management in this game was
playing a very important role as the
game includes all main components of risk management: protection, knowledge,
insurance and coping. During playing I confronted the next trade-offs: 

·        
if
to use too much money on development and not to use any money on protection
(raising the ground level), then too big damages of pods happen;

·        
If
to use money for insurance then less money goes on development;

·        
If
to use money on protection, less time is available;

·        
If
damages are too big (after the comet hit), the development doesn’t happen until
I have sufficient money to repair the damages.

·        
The
bigger the damages the more resources I needed to use to repair the pods
especially if I didn’t have any insurance.

The preparation affects the development in next ways: insurance
immediately takes some money, raising the ground level takes not only money but
also the time. some time  

Answer on 2nd  question:  As I
played the game few times I tried to use different strategies, including
changing the number of pods to develop, changing the level of insurance, increasing
in different degree the level of ground trying to adjust to the severity and
possibility of comet hit. After few times I tried to start developing all the
pods and postponing the development of pods on higher levels as it costs a lot
to develop more developed pods, as well as to repair it that developing the
cheaper lower level pods. The research in a game doesn’t decrease the objective
time given for each level, however after few times of playing game I learnt not
to spend too much time myself on research.

From the
game I learnt that it is a not an easy task to manage risk and that careful
balance between available resources, available means of protection and
insurance as well as research have to be taken into consideration. I learnt
that the measures taken should be in proportion with the situation and risks as
the mistake sin evaluations, mistakes in cost benefit analysis will mean losses
of time and finances, which otherwise could have been used for development or
better preparation for more riskier situations. 

Answer on 3rd   question:  If I
would have been a developer for this game, I would also include the costs of
research depending on time spending for it as in real life researches sometimes
are very expensive. If to take in regards to the country where I live (Denmark)
the cost of researches are very expensive and thus my this suggestion to add
the timing and money costs Is absolutely reasonable.

 

End of the document