4597435

 

The role of risk management in the game is  to
balance development with all aspects of risk management like knowledge,
protection and insurance. While playing the game the choice I made was after
laying of few pods like three and upgrading them next provided protection to the
pods against any future strike by raising the island bar and the main thing I
did that kept my pods intact was doing lots of research against any possible
strike. Knowledge remains an important factor
for any community to remain safe of any impending danger, protecting the pods
against any future danger pays off, if at the long run when disaster can be
very unpredictable. No need to spend too much on insurance if you can manage
knowledge and protection very well. 

Preparing for risk will help boost development at the long
run because before any disaster we must have seen it coming and averted the
disaster this would reduce the time that should have been spent recovering from
disaster and increase the process of development.

If played once I would want to observe what conditions makes
the life bar increase faster. After playing the first time I decided to change many
things like spending time on research which will give me enough time in
building strong community connection when disaster happens and also raising the
island as high as possible to reduce any future chances of strike or effects. 

What I learned from
the game is there is no point pouring money into development without protecting
the communities in which you've invested time and resources! It is far better
to build very high level of protection than wasting funds on disaster due to
our ignorance. Also with lots of research we can avert major occurrence.

If am to develop the
game in other way I would want to provide free support in terms of funds and
want to know how the community is making use of the funds at some point in the
game and decides if to continue to help out of their good performance or to stop
and see if things would change.