4601205

The game was full of information on risk management and it was very hard to combine the three tool in a limited time. I needed to try several time to understand that we need to prioritize the tools and win each level. You have also the fact that in order to keep gaining points you need to focus on the research of knowledge than protection. Actually, the secret was to keep doing several things at the same time and acting at the right time. 1. The role of risk management in the game is all about trade-offs between knowledge, protection and insurance. Each of those tolls are necessary but do not have the same priority. After all, knowledge seems to be the better solution to choose all the time. Then, I start working on risk preparation by buying insurance and building better pods in order to secure the "homes". The last but not the least is the protection that I tried to keep increasing when I've got some time. But the game proved that we should choose protection at the end, when we've got extra resources...because increasing protection is costing to much than knowledge which is more cost effective. 2. Each time I was playing I was understanding the game because nobody will react effectively at the first time. We need time to understand how to prioritize the tools. The first thing I should do at the first time was to start preventing risk through kknowledge which is (again) more cost effectiveness than insurance and protection. It is important to keep this point in mind as on week one, we learned through the videos that human being have a too short memory. People are not enough educated or informed and they underestimate risks. We need to make people keep risks in minf. Developing Knowledge is the better weapon to limit damages through a better preparation (exercises  simulations). We can only increase protection when there is a lot of resources. But the time was too short when we are starting the game and we can only manage the tools during each levels by practicing. I needed to manage my stress stress as managing risks is having faith to succeed by having an idea about the way to do. I became that expert only by practicing, i.e developing knowledge (more research) building the community and prevent by purchasing insurances which helped a lot the recovery. By managing stress I avoid bad decision, to act step by step in a limited time but always working on research and community construction.I'll keep in mind my failure about the protection tool which prevent against waves. Each time I've tried to work on it I wasn't able to reach the level 3. This tool costs too much and it was "impossible" even after several attempt. Is like juggling with two balls and adding a third one while you stIll a beginner. 3.About the game, there is some changes that could improve the game captures.  Sometimes, even if I completed the "research" at the same level as the "chance of hit" and "severity", I do not miss always the catastroph. We need to understand the reason that the catastroph happened even though we made the research that was needed. Maybe there is different types of comets with different impacts...We need to know more in order to react the more sufficiently...it seems that increasing the research to create community connection still causing damages or maybe that I did not fulfill all the conditions.Finaly, during the recover time after the hit, why do we need to click on the green things. By clicking on those green things can we lower the damages ? Those point needs to be more easy to undersand to help managing risks through this game. 