460566

Risk management is the core theme of the game.  Managing risk in a balance way is the way to
play the game, same with the reality of development.  You cannot succeed if you have knowledge but
lacking in protection and insurance or have protection but lacking in knowledge
and insurance.  Same if you have
insurance but knowledge and protection is not enough.  You must strike a good balance between all
three dimensions to manage your risk and achieve development goals.  One more thing, community connection is very
important in the game as a form of both insurance and protection.  It is a reality in development called social
assets.  It can provide protection,
insurance and knowledge, including other forms of coping mechanism to avoid
irreversible coping strategies for both at the household and the community
level.  Development is most likely to
succeed if the whole community and stakeholders are onboard from the beginning
of any development initiative, which is very obvious in the game.  You cannot progress if you have very few
pods.

 

On my first game, I focus on protection and insurance.  I put up few pods, took maximum insurance and
focus on raising the island hoping that it will manage my risk better.  But, it took a tool on my development because
I focus too much on the anticipated shocks and give little attention to
research.  Obviously, I did not go
far.  The development was hindered by
focusing too much on the anticipated shocks and on protection.

 

As I keep on playing, I realized that research (knowledge)
is very important to managing the risk. 
Also, the pod must have at least a balance progress of development to
have better community connections.  The more the pods the faster the progress of development. As in
real life, you have to strike a very good balance on all the dimensions of risk
management namely, knowledge, protection and insurance to achieve your
development goals and all stakeholders must be involve from the beginning
(community connections) to have a better chance of success.  Development will be hindered if some sectors are taken for granted.  

 

The game perfectly captures the reality on the ground about
development and choices the communities have to manage their risk.  Unfortunately, protection and insurance are not
an option for them due to lack of resources. 
I cannot think of anything to add or change to the game.