4608504

The game typically shows the interlinked components of risk
management, knowledge, insurance, protection, and coping. 

By allowing to click on the comets and to find out more
about each one the longer you click on it, the game simulates resource dedication
to research to find out more about the potential risks that will hit you. While
no wealth is lost on this, potential wealth is lost as time is spent on
research rather than developing your pods. The sooner you develop the pods the
more wealth you can generate in the long term. Therefore it is important not to
spend too much time on research. Acquiring a general idea of what you are about
to face is enough to plan your next moves. Spending too much time researching
potential risks will leave you no time to build the capacity to deal with them
and beat the game.

Insurance is portrayed in a pretty straight-forward way.
Three types of policies providing different levels of cover for your pods are
available. Naturally as the levels progress and the pods are upgraded (becoming
more valuable) and more pods are built (more pods to cover) the policies become
more expensive, simulating real-life insurance policy pricing.

Though raising the level of your settlement to protect
against comets is not entirely logical in the physical sense, it is effective
at showing how different comets (or risks) need different levels of protection,
which in turn require both time and wealth investment both in real life and the
game.

Coping is represented by how quickly you can make
connections between the ‘lights’ in the game. Protection provides you with more
time to ‘cope’ showing one of the aspects of preparedness plays in coping.

The most important aspect of the game is the balance between
the four components namely knowledge, insurance, protection, and coping. As
mentioned, one cannot spend too much time looking at comets. A brief look is
enough to figure out what you need to do. For my game, I invested as quickly as
possible in building and developing pods. The sooner they are built and
upgraded, the more wealth they will generate in the long term. I did not play
long enough to find out whether it would be better to build as many as possible
before starting to upgrade, though the hint prompted me to more or less lean
more on upgrades. I wasted resources early on by buying too much insurance
while having a high level of protection. The key is that those two are
interchangeable. 

I found that having high enough protection removes the need
for insurance. However, as no 100% coverage policy is available insurance does
not remove the need for protection, if zero damage is to be maintained per hit.
Having lost after reaching level four, I am sure that a much more effective
system can be found. I imagine that zero damage should not be a priority. A
fast enough player (good at ‘coping’) can rely on moderate levels of insurance,
protection, and coping. An ideal scenario where the highest possible overall
growth can be sustained is where no damage results from low-medium severity
comets while modest repairs will be needed after severe comets, after which
repairs can be made. This will allow more wealth to be invested in the pods
early on, with light hits to wealth taking place after severe events, with the
bulk of the damage protected against or insured for.