4614768

The role of the risk manager in the game risk horizon was  to develop the land and build structures, then safe guard his investments by researching and monitoring the comets to know the severity of its strike, then also to decide if or not to insure his investments and also protect his investments and also repair whenever his investments got damaged during a disaster out break.. My choice of insuring my investments paid off by reducing the cost of repairs I had to make when my structures got affected by the disaster. There were times when the disaster strike missed my structures and as sure, it made it look like money spent insuring my investments were a waste, but there was never a time, I could really tell if the disaster will not hit and cause damage to my investments. Also, researching and studying the report on the comet made it possible to gamble on when to take insurance or invest the money that I would have used on insurance to improve my investments.  Preparing for the risks, reduced the amount structures I would have developed because, I had to use the money to either buy insurance or raise the land to reduce the severity or avoid the disaster.What I did differently was taking up insurance and studying the comets more closely.  I also changed the way I developed my investments. This is to say that sometimes,instead of improving any of my already existing structures, I will rather develop a new one because developing new ones cost less than improving some existing ones. I learnt that sometimes, one might not need insurance if one pays attention to studies of disaster, but on the safe hand, one needs to take up insurance as sometimes, reports might be wrong.  Also, I learnt that, adequate preparation for risks, reduces the amount of damage such risk will bring.  I took some risks when I develop more properties instead of taking better insurance and sometimes, it costed me when I had damages and other times, it was a gamble well taken as I benefited since the comet strike missed.If tasked with developing a new version of the game, I will add one hundred percent (100%) cost bearing insurance scheme, a bank to collect loans, other investors and a means to trade investment.   I will also add a means for relocation and other means of spending money outside developing structures to issues like tax, rent, and transportation.