4615538

Risk management in the game allowed us to pursue the objectives without further delay compared to the maximum term.
He had, therefore, the role of an obstacle to the objectives of progress.
I chose from the beginning very high insurance to best prevent the fall of comets and of course any entity that, immediately made me lose money.
The development of protection instead spending valuable time did, it is true, but it was definitely time that was recovered in repairing of buildings.
The first time I played I lost sight of the maximum period within which I would have to achieve a certain kind of progress, thinking more than anything else to the protection, but not being able to combine it with steady progress.
After playing more than once I began to understand how to progress, speed of execution and protection can be fitted together, the protection should be put in place certainly before with a insurance effective.
With protection, seemed to much easier to progress.
I learned that too often think to protect, for example, a house only after building it, or to protect us from disease after arriving in a certain country, while there is a chance to do this before and this brings a huge advantage in terms of costs .
I am Italian and this game I thought was very interesting.
An earthquake infinitely less powerful than the one that hit Chile has destroyed an entire city, L'Aquila, And in all this the geological disaster in my country continues unabated.
The earthquake-resistant structures are few, but the political class thinks to build great works rather than to repair and make safe ones that are already there.
The hydrogeological risk in Italy is a very serious problem, a river has burst its banks yesterday in Milan and every year there are landslides amazing that the media consider "extraordinary", but in reality could be avoided if only you would follow this principle.
I would like that the buildings could also be of different materials, some more and others less resistant, to see how the saving is later, even if the initial investment was higher.
An anti-seismic construction costs more, but its advantages are undoubtedly more.
In addition, if the planet is polluted, I'd like that comets did more damage to note how often the hydrogeological and environmental can promote natural disasters, and then construct buildings that are fed with renewable energy protects most of the planet by comets, or better, comets are less and do less damage when they fall.
