462773

The role of management of the Risk Horizon game is minimum
the damage cause by comet hit to the ocean. When the comet hit to the ocean,
the sea water level will increase and affect to the city. Our role is minimum
this damage by spending our money clever to control this risk. Pay the highest
level of insurance cost us a lot of money but it will bring the city safer. When
the damage happens we only pay small amount of money to recover the city. It help
us to avoid out of budget for this problem and also bring peaceful mind to us. 

The second important investment is increase the level of
protection of the city. It help our city confront with the increase of sea
water level when the comet hit to the ocean. In level 2 of this game when the
comet hit but the city is not affected. This investment cost also some money
but it can save a lot of time to rebuild and fix the city. In total this
investment is very effective. It is not only prevent us to pay money for
correction but also save a lot of time to repair the city.

The third investment is for researching. This payment is
also very important to improve infrastructure of the city. Hence it makes the city
safer. Good building is difficult damage than the worst one. When the sea level
increase the city can stand better, reduce damage happen to the society. In
additional, investing to research bring more knowledge and people can learn how
to minimize their risk better. This investment also help the society get faster
returned. When the city is well organize, people can bring more benefit and government
can get more tax and the fund of city will increase faster.

Every time the effect of sea level to the city is very
different. Only change small to these investment can bring big different of
results. If we not pay enough to increase protection level the serious damage
will happen (Bigger percentage). Although we pay less money to repair the city
but also take a lot of time. Research investment also helps us to reduce the
loss of damage sometime even it will prevent damage happen.  Prevent damage happen by invest to  Protection and research is clever way for this
game. 

For me these three factors to help us in this risk. No need
to put others factors.But we also can improve this game by given details of
each investment ( How much for Protection, research, insurance). For this we
have better understand proper investment for each factor.

( I am Vietnamese. My English is not good, I will improve my
English this year. This essay may be difficult to read but please help me. Want
to learn and sharing with all of you. Vietduyp@gmail.com)