4648788

In this game, the role of risk management is to ensure the growing point reach the requirement in limited time in a round.In the risk management in the game, the knowledge is about the research of the comet, the chance of hit and the severity of hit. Protection is the height of my land, which will protect my base from the wave after the comet hit. Insurance will cover part of my damage which allows me to spend less after a serious hit. Since the high level hit is a rare one and low level hit is more frequent, I raise my protection level to 3 to ensure that I will have no damage in most of cases. I purchased insurance every time and pay attention on high-level-severity comet, for the low-level-severity comet won't make any damage because of protection 3.Too much cost on preparation for risk will affect development in a long run. Too much cost leads to low spend on pod, which will lead to less resources gained in the later time and less resources on risk preparation. So I think risk preparation should just cover a medium need, and leave enough resources for developing.I played the game for several time and I can only reach level 4. In the first time, I purchased highest level insurances which can cover 75% damage. After that, I think I may spend too much on insurance since the damage may only occur once in a round, so I cut the spend on insurances and purchase it only before the high-level-severity comet hit the ground.The main thing I learnt from the game is that the spend on development and risk preparation should be balance. We shouldn't spend too much on risk preparation because of fear which will slow down the development and will make us own less resources facing the future risk. In addition, we should always pay attention to the highly damaged thing and make fully preparation before it can hurt you.I think in daily life, we are not lack of the resources to prepare for the risk, what we need is how identify the highly damaged risk. If I am allow to add one thing in the game, I will add an ability to increase the ability of research which will allow players to identify the comet more quickly, which will allow us to have more time to prepare for the damage.