4649064

1.  In the game, the underlying approach criteria for the adequate decisions to to be taken in order to proceed with the game and reach higher levels, are those related to Risk managementTo go ahead properly you have to combine  the  knowledge of the environment and the nature of the risk, by finding out the specific characteristics of each risk in the form of comets that can hit your village, adopting the adequate degree of protection depending upon of the intensity and probability of damage ( the "hit") to occur and combining it with the appropriate insurance.  All this cover the preparation stage before the occurrence of the event . Should the shock,in spite of the preparation,produce any damage, the corresponding repairs have to be accomplished to cope for the undesired consequences. This includes  the beneficial effect from the connection with  the community of your village to work together. All of this is done considering the financial constrains ( wealth is variable) and the proper timing for each  decision to be taken. The use of the available wealth has to encompass investment in "preparation" ( protection and insurance) plus time to evaluate the parameters of the expected hit ( knowledge) from one side, and the pond building and upgrading, plus  the repairs from hits ( coping) from the other side.2. In my specific case, I found that the trade-off of protection and insurance , depending upon the size of the expected damage ( severity and probability) derived from each comet,was crucial. This spending in protection and insurance had to be made prior  adopting pod´s upgrades . In other words, only once you are "prepared", previous to each "hit", to cope for the next 2 or 3 hits, should you proceed  with upgrading. That was the kind  or prioritizing criteria that had to be used.I played several times to better understand the hidden rules. I found that it was not a question of increasing the size of the development as much as the  available wealth allows you in each moment. After several trials, it was clear for me that the basic idea was  first to invest in protection and insurance ( based on the relative information for each event or shock) and then to increase the pod development as much as the remaining money allowed to do so, taking into consideration that the protection should be the adequate one to each risk and at the specific time; otherwise the available wealth would decrease unnecessarily and pod development could suffer and stagnate . In any case all  this sequence seem to be very rational at the end. The timing of the decisions is relevant as well.3.  I think that the game as it is, covers the main issues of Risk Management.Nevertheless, I would propose  to somehow cover the issue of the corruption of the politicians at all levels and the lack of honest behavior related to the fulfillment of fiscal duties which represents a social illness affecting the entire society, with a very clear impact in the cohesion of the society and in the available funds to cover the State goals. This can only be done in real life through the strict application of the law and increasing the awareness of what implies to be a good citizen by social education. In the game,  an index reflecting the level of corruption could be included which would penalize the effectiveness of the investments adopted. Aft the same time  this could be counterbalanced by an  specific increase in  education investment and media campaigns to increase the awareness of the citizens in this regard.