465281

1. The role of risk management in the game was to ensure that the development of the alora community will meet the certain milestones while facing the risk of hitting by the comets. There was there risk management tools in the game, which one or all of them can be used together to help the Alora face the risk of comets : The comets research, the insurance and the protection. In the game, I used all of these 3 means. From level 1 to 5, the protection and insurance tools were used as risk managament tools. I only bought the insurance for the level 6. All of these risk management tools need to be traded- off by money, which can be used to develop the community. The research  protection tool brought an immediate effective to the risk development. The insurance only worked well after sometime.2. After the fisr time playing the game, i decided not to buy the insurance for the very first levels of the game, in which the investment in research  protection brought the higher effective development for the community in relative. Also, after the first game, I spent more time on doing research comets than only focusing on protection tools. The main things I have learnt from the game are there are some ways that we can face the risk. Knowledge and protection is are means that bring the immediate effect to the risk development tool. An other tool of risk management is the insurance. However, from my own opinion, the insurance can only work effectively when the development of the community is high. It is when the benefit of buying an insurance far outweight the initial cost of it. 3. In the game, the effect of the insurance is not really neccesary. By this I meant, you can pass the level 6 without buying an insurance. You just need to develop the community, paying for the protection and keep doing research comets on spare time. Someone will never realize the need of buying an insurance until the community was hitted by a comet. The cost of repair the community is too high that the development of the comunity can not meet the milestone. But it seems so very similar to risk management choices that matter in my country. For example, the poor rarely buy them health insurances. One reason is they are poor, and another reason is that they think they do not need to spend money on something that is not neccesary. But when it comes to the medical treatments, they may have to pay a lot of money, which is much expensive than the initial cost of buying an insurance.