4652243

In starting the game i didn't understand all the risks involved or what it took to be successful. I discovered quickly that you needed to be developing to be able to create income to be able to buy insurance or to protect the community from oncoming disasters. I think that i had to start over three times before even realizing the research was not only beneficial in knowing the risks involved but the time it bought to be able to make community connections after a comet had hit. This was crucial, because making the community connections limited the amount of damage done. Where the struggle to find balance was in the time spent researching while being able to spend money and develop. I often found that i could spend time in research and protect the community but not be able to spend the money and would loose because of it. The trade offs that i discovered were necessary in being successful in the game was to manage time spent in research. At first i didn't even know how to make community connections and wasn't until i did that i saw the importance of keeping the community from perilous damage. The other adjustment was keeping an eye on the clock for each round, if there was only so much time left it didn't make sense to spend so much of it in protecting. After playing the game the first couple of times i learned that the comets were a the same as the game previous. I was able to know the risks involved and adjust balance of time over money spent accordingly. After the playing the game and being told why i lost, i was able to improve my strategy to gain better balance. What i learned from the game was the importance of finding the balance. With out a healthy balance, whether it be spending to much of the resources to build or protect the community, the community would suffer because i wouldn't have time research or make time for making community connections. I think the biggest discovery i made in the game was the importance of community connections. i found it hard with little direction of what each component involved whether it was time spent in research, spending resources on development or time and resources on protecting the community. It took time and trying the game a few times before understand the risks in finding balance. If i were to change the game in any way, i might add more description in the reflection area of what kind of risks were taken and how they effected the outcome. I am still unsure of why having too much resources was a bad thing while the community was healthy, insurance was in place and the community was being protected. It was also hard to understand the how much the protection was actually achieving. More descriptive and clear feedback would have helped me to learn more about the risk and balance or lack there of while learn the game.