4675211



In the game you have to achieve the necessary level of
sustainability and to develop the society. It includes to build and upgrade the
pods. However, the pods might been damaged by comets.  For achieve the needed  level you should use a following instruments:

Research. You can to
research the severity of comets damage and probability of damage arising.  Protection. You may raise
the level of protection by using of the protection device. The protection
allows to decrease the level of potential damage. Insurance. You can to purchase
insurance for decrease the potential damage of comets hits. Of course your
insurance price go up with growth of pods quantity and quality. 





Of course, your resources are constrained . You need money
for build the pods and upgrade it. Of course your income level impacts of pods
quantity and quality. So your should carefully use the money. Your also need
the money for protection and insurance. If you use protection you are spend
money. Therefore, you need balance between resources spent to community
development and resources spent to risk mitigation. You also need to research
the comets for realize and mitigate the potential damage. However you cannot simultaneously
to perform the research and raise the protection level because you resource (
comp mouse) may served only one purpose ( protection or research) 

First time, I overcome the level 1 and failed in level2.
After several attempts  I achieved level
4. Why?  Because in my first game I did
not performing correct evaluation of resources, needs and risks.  I decided first to increase the financial resources.
Second step was to mitigate the financial risk , it means to purchase
insurance. After this, I combined the protection level and research of
comets.  It allows me to reach the
reasonable level of resources . As result I could to increase the opportunity to
achieve my goals.   

I believe the resource would be more  flexible and measurable. The insurance should
have more options. The protection should be designed more perfectly. Now I
cannot aware the amount spendable to protection. Now, the game measurable more
by visual indicators than quantity method. But in real world, we use
calculation, budgeting, statistic and other quantity methods, while visual
method only helps for perception. Despite there is only game, risk management
based on analytic mathematic work.  I
would suggest that the community could be threatened by different kinds of
risks. Some risk could be mitigated by similar kind of instruments ( like insurance)
and some risk will ask various  kind of
instruments. In new condition, a gamer shall choose right combination of
knowledge, protection and insurance. 

