4676189



Game Assignment

The role of risk management, understands the risk which is
the comet and the measures of mitigating the risk in protection, research and
or transfer part of the risk in purchase of insurance. The comets had various
levels of risk profiles which allowed a various responses. The other risk
aspect was that the development was required to progress in the game against a
fixed time, if this was not progressed then the player didn’t move to the next
level.

The key is balancing the risks, I did this by understanding
what was what was coming and managing the impact. If the comet was low chance
of a hit or potential for damage was low then the comet was largely ignored and
the focus was building. If the comet had a high chance of a hit and or high
damage impact then with research and protection the impact could be reduced. I
always purchased insurance at the mid level to offset any potential damage. The
third aspect was keeping just enough cash reserves to either add protection or
repair while at the same time progressing the development.

I played the game twice after dropping out after level 2 on
the first time. (Got to level 4 second time around). The first time game I
focused on every comet and didn’t progress the development fast enough. I
played too conservative in the first game worrying about the risk and adding
too much protection and research. In the second game as stated above, I
understood the risk profile of each comet and adjusted the playing style to
suit the risk, while at the same time continued to progress the development.
The reason I didn’t progress future in the game was not due to the comets but
the lack of development against the time clock.  If I played the game again, I would reduce the
level of insurance and the timing of the purchase of the insurance. By buying
the mid level insurance this spent a lot of money while the cost of repair was
not offset by the cost of insurance. This money could have been spent on the
progress of the development and or increase protection which in my opinion had
a more direct reduction in the risk. The second change would be to progress the
development quicker which in turn generated more capital to pay for the
mitigation. 

I would add a calculation of what was spent in repairs verse
insurance. With a quick calculation, I spent far more on insurance than the
reduction in the cost of the repairs. By displaying this information you are
able to assess the value of the insurance verses the amount you may need to
keep in cash reserve to pay for damage. At times of low risk we are spending
money in insurance without the return (this money could be spent on progressing
the development). The other aspect is that insurance was very easily purchased
on a fixed fee. In reality insurance purchased at the last minute on a pending
high risk event will be more expensive than purchasing annual insurance. The game
could reflect based on the upcoming risk profile and adjust the cost of
insurance.

 