46787

In the game Risk Horizon the role of risk management was to
use the available tools: buy insurance, research the comets, and lift the
settlement, to further the goal of settlement development. These tools
represent Insurance, Knowledge, and Protection, respectively. The trade-off
confronted was in balancing the cost-benefit that each provides while
maintaining adequate monetary resources for Coping and advancing development. 

In deciding how to allocate resources the
marginal utility of each risk management tool was evaluated. For example, the
cost to lift the settlement further increased as it was raised. The additional
protection provided for an additional unit of height becomes less than the
benefit available from the other risk management tools for the same cost. 

The cost to raise the settlement, buy
insurance, or spend time researching the comets directed resources away from the
building and upgrading of pods in the short-term. The benefits of these
preparations were captured when the settlement was hit by a low to moderate
severity comet. The most severe comets were, in my experience, disastrous even
with a combination of insurance, protection, and the benefits of community
networks gained from researching the comets. These preparations did, however,
allow the game to progress into the 4th level even though the pace
of development was slower than when resources were directed primarily at pod
construction and upgrading.

Several rounds of the game were played in
order to experiment with different levels of each risk management option. The
most successful strategy over time was to allocate resources in relatively
equal amounts. One lesson learned was that the highest insurance coverage wasn’t
usually worth the extra cost, since the additional price above the lowest
insurance could provide greater utility when used to lift the settlement from
the starting position. More generally, the lesson from the game was that risk
management requires a multi-pronged approach.

An enhancement to the game
might involve a user controlled income adjustment. This would allow the user,
prior to the game start, to choose what income level the settlement will have.
This feature would allow the user to experiment with the trade-offs of each
risk management tool under different resource constraint scenarios.