4679115

The role of risk management in this game
was to prepare for the ‘known-unknowns’ better. 
Even though we knew the comets were coming and we also knew the
chance of getting hit and the severity (known), there were still unknown
factors such as the level of damages a hit would cause (unknown) and the types of protection needed to confront and cope.

The choices and trade-offs I made were:

Knowledge: Preparation for risk
affected development because while conducting research, we could not make any
other move.  So I chose to develop first, then conduct
research when I did not have much funding left to spend on upgrading the pods.  Also, when multiple comets came, I prioritized
my research based on the comets’ severity and chance of impact, and chose the
ones with higher probability.  I prioritized
research over development only at certain times and vice versa based on the
availability of resources.  For example, Level
1 and 2 had fewer comets, and so spending more on upgrading (representing
boost in technology, better decision and higher GDP) was possible and necessary
to endure possible damages.  Higher
levels (3+) had more upgraded pods, more money generated, more comets, and higher need for research.  Continuing with upgrading in the background (which was allowed in the game), but doing more research to gain knowledge of how to protect better actually reduced the cost of damage control after impact.

Insurance: With more research and
therefore higher level of protection and more upgrades to withstand damages, the need for expensive insurance was
reduced.  (I only purchased the
cheapest insurance to have as back up.)  However, insurance is helpful for events with possibility of higher level severity and damages funding and time for research may become scarce. (Lost at Level 5 when played without any insurance.)

Protection:  Consistent preparation and monitoring comets’
progress to boost protection saved on expenses as damages were better sustained.  I took the suggestion made available in between levels and raised the pods’ level throughout the game. Decisions were also based on monitoring the level
meter on the right to determine what level of severity we could withstand.  Allocating resources on upgrading infrastructure
and conducting further research gave more alternatives to increase
protection - a choice policy makers struggle with.   in reality, this could reflect ‘coping’ as more protections
– from family, community, government, private and international communities-
help confront and cope with disasters better. 

I played the game 5 times and was
able to beat the game on my 4th trial.  Throughout the game, I was monitoring the
speed at which things were happening and were allowed to happen.  I paid less attention to comets with low
chance of hitting and lower severity during the 3rd and 4th
trial, and did research on the ones with higher probability to increase
protection.  Also, I realised during the
2nd trial that there is no need for expensive insurance when you
have a better protection plan or coping strategies such as having more money to
make upgrades and doing more research to be able to sustain damages better. 5th trial was played without any insurance, but lost when severity increased.

One change I would propose to improve
risk management choices is 'simplifying the complexity of the policy
language'.  Policies, or legislation, are
difficult to understand by the general public. 
This allows decision makers to sway the public’s opinion because they
cannot interpret the message of most policies themselves.  Simplifying the language would help
individuals make better decisions not only in their personal lives, but in the
community by voicing more informed opinions to influence risk management.