4681106

Did you know that the primary
threat to Alora is comets? On other world there are many kind of shocks:
Floods, famine, drought, economic collapse, or even relatively  small household shocks like losing a job. 

With our planet’s advance
technology, we can’t  lift an entire
community up and out of flood’s path. On others worlds, they put houses on
stills, lay down sandbags or build dams to protect their homes from flood



Alorans spide themselves on
efficiency and the beauty of design, so you should always be doing something!
While your pods are developing, you could protect, or research incoming comets.

The first illuminator
famously  spent her days  staring into the night sky. It’s beautiful ,
but full of dangers. If it wasn’t  for
her curiosity, Alora would never have reached this level of development.





Did you know that even a little bit
of protection goes a long way? Even if your pods are damaged, they’ll be
damaged less if you’re protected. This makes them easier to repair.

Protecting the community is
useful, but can get expensive. The higher the community rises, the more
expensive it becomes to raise it further. Diminishing returns are a fact of
life here. 

I was thing: community
connections are a type of insurance. When disaster strikes we help each other
survive by sharing resources. Forming and sustaining connection is so valuable.



When a shock is imminent, it
might be too late to protect or buy insurance, but you can still make community
connection. By researching incomings comets, you will have more than time to
connect your pods, raising your protection level.

Community connections can
help  your long term protection  and insurance. Connected neighbors and
community organizationshelp one another when a shock comes. That’s why we
connect our pods when a flood is incoming.

Did you know that you are the 151st
illuminator? There’s  a long line of
great community builders behind you, and you stand on all of their shoulders!
So make sure you  meet those development
goals. Your legacy  is at stake!

Did you know that our planet orbits
through an enormous stellar nursery, brimming with comets? When comets collide
with Alora, they rain down and cause devastating floods. The hard duty of the
illuminator is to usher harmony into this dangerous but beautiful world.









