468623

RAMANESWARA RAO
RONGALA

COURSE: RISK AND OPPORTUNITY FOR DEVELOPMENT

MODULE: TWO

LEVEL IV CODE: qf9T8xa

Thanks for choosing me as the Luminator of Alora Island.

I had a great experience of being the Luminator for the
world of Alora in safe guarding the world of Alora from perils of Comets, which
are causing devastation and damaging property and lives of people of world of Alora.  This Island is prone to systemic and
sequential risks from Comets.  I have
tried my best to safe guard this world of Alora from perils of devastation
caused by comets by employing risk management tools like Research, Insurance
and Protection.

I could, with great difficulty reached level four
successfully and failed in level five and could not reach beyond despite many
repeated efforts. This taught me that the infrastructure needed to mitigate the
risk is not sufficient and need to be improved in the areas of Research as well
as resources for building more number of pods as well as for repairing them
after damage caused during devastation. 
Similarly, Insurance cover also, need to be enhanced to 90% from current
maximum cover of 75%.  In this way, we
can gain knowledge through better research and transfer the risk to some extent
through insurance.   In emergencies, the
protection tool may be mitigated with the help of state.

But, I found it difficult in researching more than one comet
at one time, when two or more comets are sequentially targeting the Island. It
is systemic and sequential risks. I was allowed to monitor and research only
one Comet at a time, hence the time to research multiple Comets at one time is
not possible.  Hence, it was difficult to
research and gain knowledge to cope with and come out of devastation and
resilience successfully.  But, the Research
tool is a wonderful tool for gaining knowledge, severity and probable chance of
hitting are really wonderful and quite helpful in estimating the severance for
preparedness.

We could easily do the development of Pods to create shelter
and repair the damaged ones at a quicker phase with the help of resources from
the state as well as from the insurance claims. 
But this has been a quite routine task for the Islanders, as the
devastations are quite frequent affair. 
Hence, it is quite obvious to get prepared to cope with challenging
situations all the while without any negligence. 

Insurance, is a great relief and risk transfer tool for
faster resilience from shocks.  Here, a
good thing is that buying an insurance cover according to the severity is
experienced right instead of buying blanket cover.  Similarly, not buying an Insurance cover is
also not correct, as the entire cost of devastation is quite sever and to be
borne by the state and people of the Island. 
Hence, Insurance cover acts as risk absorbent tool.  Which is a must along with Research and
Protection to minimise the risk.  

Protection tool also worked well, but it is a very costly
affair too.  I found this tool is an
excellent tool, but could be used only during the heavy devastation and when
the sea level is going up and causing submerge of the Island.  Hence, using this tool sparingly and need
based is a right thing to do.   

In all the game has given me an experience of real life
situation.  If I were in the situation,
how I would mitigate the risk with available tools.  What more tools are required was felt in the
case of feasibility of research for multi comets.

After devastation the community coordination and helping
each other is one of the new method which has been introduced in the game.  Which has helped them to recover fast from
the shocks.

I would like to thank you the WB team for giving me this
opportunity.

Best Regards

Ramaneswara Rao Rongala