4687246

The role of Risk Management in the game was primarily to create awareness of the main conditions and tools available to be able to face the incoming risks and more specifically threats. It helped model the decisions in terms of level of protection, transfer and knowledge at any one time as well as thinking about the future. The preparation of risk needs to be looked at in a holistic manner as over investment and under investment in risk management will affect the overall development in the long run. in the mean time it was demonstrated that the preparation for risk development can be seen and measured over time as the level of preparation and future proofing could be monitored and analysed at the end of each level. I played the game a couple of times and after the first time I realised that a combination of mitigation measures needs to be taken into account (i.e. transferring by means of insurance the risk may not be always necessary if there are other means available to protect the development, assets and investment which will ensure meeting the goals and reach objectives in the long term. It is also important to take into account the fact that the more the community is developed the better and greater resources and tools are available to cope and face risks. I could be seen after playing the game that the community affected/benefited by the risk management development play an essential role in the proactive improvement of mitigation actions and risk exposure levels by contributing to the overall development level which in turn provided greater resources available to invest in risk management actionsIf I was to develop a new version of the game I would probably include other threats such as internal events (seismic/volcanic) that would in effect incorporate other types of risks that are not only external and although they do not encourage looking at the horizon it could instead symbolise internal factors that contribute to the presence of threats and opportunities. The game could also be represented in a more earth like planet with different climatic/environmental threats and not only comet like but as stated above internal or external events such ass floods, droughts, etc. I was not really clear as to the real use of the research concept given in the game and I would probably introduce a different way to utilise this concept throughout the game as I find it to be an important aspect of the risk management process.