4704240

This game surprised me tremendously. At first, as I read the description, I chuckled a little, thinking how easy it sounded. Then I played the first time, and didn't even pass level one! It took me probably an hour to finally reach level four, at which point I sighed, felt relief, and realized how much this game mimics the development of the world. To an outsider, the concept of developing the world seems easy--just give developing countries money, and tell them a few things to invest in. But successful development comes from a process much more difficult than that. It takes years of research, trial and error, to determine what investments will benefit the country most, to find the resources to support the development, and to insure that the investments will last. This game, like the developing of the world, is a game of balance. Through the game, I had to invest repeatedly in risk management strategies, such as protection, insurance, and research. However, these tools cost money, and thus slowed down the initial development of my land. I usually focused primarily on protection, until it got to level 5. Then, I would focus in on research, spending most time researching comets with higher levels of severity. Lastly, if there were comets with severity levels exceeding the level I could protect, I purchased insurance. My risk preparation affected my development, as the loss of money slowed down the rate at which I could upgrade/build pods. When I reached the cost of a pod/upgrade, I would build it, then when waiting for it to develop, I would refocus on risk. The more times I played the game, the better my strategies became. I learned the power of research to build connections, rather than just paying for insurance. I also realized that level 5 protection was the point at which the marginal cost began to outweigh the marginal benefit, and stopped protecting more at this point. The game taught me how to balance my risk and opportunity investments, and showed how to invest most effectively into each sector.  One factor missing from this game is the people. Money does not just magically appear in developing countries. Thus, to to make the game more realistic, I would add in a factor to earn money. For example, by clicking on people you could make them work to grow a crop to sell, from which you would earn money to reinvest into risk strategies/development. This game emphasized many of the challenges faced in developing countries in determining risk/opportunity investments.