4726473

1.       What was the role of risk management
in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in
terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for
risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 

The role of risk management was to engage you into having a balance as
to what you use to build your community. For example you could not build many
pods or you ran out of money, or if you don’t have insurance, you would pay a
lot more to rebuild your community. Also noted was, that the more knowledge you
had about whether or not a comet would hit, you could prepare the island to
prevent more serious damage. At times you were warned that the comet was going
to hit with a high rate of probability, thus letting you know that is better to
build until the comet hits.

 

2.        If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played
the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

 

I played the game several times, each time learning something new, at
first I just build and build without looking at the knowledge, protection or
insurance alternatives but I did not survive very long.  The second time I was aware of my options and
I used them with some bit of luck, I still did not have enough knowledge to
play the game right.  The third time I
was using all three options and the game started to make sense and I actually
made it to level three. One has to think about the community as a whole and not
as a separate entities within the community. 
We have to be connected to each other to stand a catastrophe and be
there for our neighbors in the hour of need. 
As a planner one must have a sharp eye and not to do much of one thing
for the community but to do several things at once to equalize the economy.

 

3.        The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

 

One thing I would add is proper approval of having something in writing
to ensure no one has more saying power in the neighborhood. Major developers
like to step in into a community and rape the land and the government officials
bend backwards to let them in. Many times the developing areas do not go as
planned and after the land has been stripped of much needed trees all is left
behind in search of a better deal, while the community left behind is now
responsible for the cleanup.

 