4729326

Risk
management can be a powerful instrument for development—not only by building
people’s resilience and thus reducing the effects of adverse events but also by
allowing them to take advantage of opportunities for improvement. This was the
role that risk management played in the game. Getting appropriate knowledge
about the comets that would hit the place, along with insurance of pods and
protection of the place from the waves, reduced the severity and the impact of
the comet hit. Moreover, community links hepled furthermore in strenthening the
protection of the place as well as reducing the adverse effects of comet hit.

I
first decided to have insurance for all the development that would take place
and then started with the development of the place. However, spending my time
and resources on gaining knowledge about the comet resulted in my low
investment on protection which had adverse effects. Due to insufficient level of
protection, the pods were damaged badly which affected the development of the
place and resulted in expenditure on resources to repair the damage. However,
the insurance did help me in the repair work as it cost me much less to repair
the pods due to a high insurance plan. So, since I had prepared for the comet
hit and had indulged in risk management operations to the best of my ability,
it helped in the development of the place and reduced the adverse effects of
the disaster.

The
first time I played the game, I did not invest much in gaining knowledge about
the comet which effected the place badly and resulted in more damage to the
property. I corrected my mistake when I played the game again, investing more
time and resources in gaining knowledge about the comet which helped to predict
the severity and chances of attack of the comet with higher accuracy. So I learnt
that development and insurance alone are not sufficient to achieve high levels
of risk management. They need to be coupled with knowledge which helps in
preparing better risk management techniques and reducing the adversities that
follow a disaster.

If
I had to add one thing to the game, I would have added a way to portray how
risk management techniques cause havoc in the lives of people and not just
damage infrastructure. This method of portrayal would help the players get a
better undertanding as to what measures they should take in terms of education
and health which result in a decrease in the casualties. It would also include ways
of simple but effective interventions which the players can undertake to reduce
casualties and avert damages.