4730731

Risk
Management played a very crucial role in the game. It helped in meeting
development goals which otherwise would not be possible. I have considered all
the 3 factors of risk management i.e. 
Knowledge, Protection and Insurance equally.  I have taken protection as the first
component because it helps in bearing a lot of shocks initially and also help
in saving resources which would otherwise been used for insurance. Gaining
Knowledge about the shocks is the next most important component. If the
severity of shock is to be less and can be balanced by protection, then there
is not much use of insurance. Insuring is to be considered if severity of shock
is extreme and cannot be balanced by protection used. Preparation of risk
affects development initially because while increasing protection level,
development was hampered. Also due to lack of much resources development was
affected. When playing the game for first time I was confused to choose from
the 3 components initially. I started the game with having insurance at the
initial stage but later on I realised if protection is there then we can save
resources for increasing development. I shifted my choice to increase
protection at the start and then doing research and lastly insurance if necessary.
My learning from the game includes that for a healthy development proper risk
management is must. Development can be very easy if resources are available in
vast amount but if there is lack of abundant resources a trade-off is to be
made between cost and benefit. If a community is protected to the full extent
then development can be very easy but in case there is lack of resources and
time for full protection, knowledge of the risk helps a lot. By having
knowledge of the risk decision for the insurance can be easily made. If given a
chance to modify any aspect of the game, I would like to add places on the
island at which there is minimal or no effect of the shocks but in order to buy
that places for development some amount of money must be charged. The reason
for this modification being there are always places available around us which
are safer but costlier. 