4730096

The Risk
Horizon is a wonderful game to simulate the essential idea of the risk
management. 

As the main
object is the development, the resource should be assigned to the construction
and the update of these constructions; as a result, more construction and
advanced technology level would give back more capital resource for
development. However, this simple closed circle has been interrupted when the
nature hazard arrives. In this game, it is the tsunami as the famous initiator
of Fukushima
nuclear accident.  

To face
this kind accident from the external environment, the risk management is
necessary. And the elements of preparation should be evaluated.    

For the
three components of risk management for preparation: Knowledge, Insurance,
Protection, their relationship puzzled me before this game. It is quite clear
that all the three are important but when the resource is limited, how to
distribute it among them to encounter the nature hazard? 

This game
has provided a good experience for the user to feel this relationship. When I
saw the comet in the sky with lots of stars as the background, I tried to get
more information about the future possible tsunami. If the possible damage and
the possibility both are great, I must ensure that the insurance and the protection
are immediately planned for the possible shock.



The high
level of protection will exhaust the limited resource and the main object is
not maintained. A dynamic balance between them is critical for the game. My
strategy is simple: constructions in priority; when two or three constructions
could provide stable flux capital, I will buy a suitable insurance. The protection
of elevation the earth surface is kept in a comfortable rhythm. 



In the low
level development with the low level threat, the loss is not so surprising, but
in the level 5, a comet could cause 45 percent damage of all my contraction; taken
in account the level of development, the recovery investment is huge. And the
economic situation is great degraded. The game could be eliminated just by one
such shock. This situation makes a clue that: when the development arrives at a
high level, the huge investment has been made for the infrastructure. Even the physical
protection has been employed; the possible loss could also destroy the tomorrow
of this city; what we need is the insurance from the good time. 



The lesson
taught by this game is that a good preparation for risk is both in space (protection)
and in time (insurance). The consequence of good preparation in risk management
is quite helpful for the quick recovery and a better future for development.           