4736280

 

The role of risk management was to provide
information for risk protection of the world of Alora. Through the process of
construction and development of Alora, a bund of information involving research
regarding the fall of meteorites at the Alora seacost, I could measure and
distribute the share of development, insurance and infrastructure protection in
case of a meteorite fall. 

 

After investing at the starting of the
building protection, I choose to invest in insurance protection at 50% rate
from levels 1-4. This initial trade-off worked well, because the insurance
protection gave opportunity to invest more in the world development.
Additionally, through gathering information by the bund of research graphic
about the risks of meteorite impact, I could choose how much of the wealth
disposable I would invest at the world protection. After each meteorite fall, I
could reduce any risk of damage by the sharing of information through the
different buildings. 

 

I played the game 4 times, and each time I
improved the distribution of wealth more equally between development and
protection of the world of Alora. At each different time I played, I learned
how much is important to distribute more equally the wealth in order to further
develop the world buildings and their security. Additionally, I learned that if
I invest just in development, the risk of damage increased, making more
expensive to repair the world. Therefore, the trade-off between risk and
insurance was good. 

 

The next time I played, I invested more in
insurance and infrastructure protection. However, I learned that the population
was not happy was heavy investment in protection instead of building
development. In the fourth time I learned that that a better distribution
between insurance, infrastructure protection, and building development was
good. Thus, a more equilibrated trade-off was the way to go. The sharing of
information about the fall of meteorites further enhanced the happiness and
wellbeing of the population of Alora.

 

In the end, the game was a good and
simplified way to illustrate how important the investment on research,
insurance, infrastructure protection, and mechanism of information sharing, are
for the wellbeing of citizen and further development of a society. I believe
that all mechanism of risk management protection have to be presented separated
of financial products. It has to be shown that insurance protection primary work
as a form of investment into the wellbeing and development of a society, not
the monetary enrichment for safeguard of live standards.