4743139

Risk management is a vital component to develop
in the economic, social as well as environmental set up. It provides the right
tools and techniques to guard oneself (or a community) from the uncertain
event(s). The game featured a similar environment at “Alora” wherein the tools
(research, protection and insurance) helped the “pods” to develop and build a
strong and prosperous community by fighting against the comets and the waves.
The game was completely a fun-loving educational tool, which taught me “what to
do” and “what not to do” with respect to the choices I make during the course
of my time. It explained me the rationale that it is important to prepare
oneself from future risky incidents by tapping into the potential of research,
protection and insurance. It is also equally essential to take timely actions
and not loose patience.I played the game twice to get a grasp of the
functioning and its logic. In my first go, I took it on a trial basis wherein I
was more interested in understanding its nature of impact and once, I did get
it, things got easy further.  So, the
main things I learned from the game are following: determination, long-sighted
outlook, fruitfully use the information and to always take your community
along. It is very important to act in a way that a larger portion of the
society is benefitted. Thus, ensuring the prosperity on a wider level, which
will surely impact an individual, directly or indirectly.If, I were to propose a change to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live then I
would nominate the idea of awareness and timely implementation. It is very
vital in a society like mine that people are well-informed about their
surroundings and the related events so that they know what to do when they fall
prey of an uncertain event. Awareness is a tool which will always guide an
individual and show them path(s) to fight back a challenge. For instance,
following simple preventive steps like wearing a helmet while driving can
reduce the probability of an accident by nearly 80%. Thus, people in general should
not overconfidently ignore these minute but important steps.   