4766246

The Game was interesting from the
point of view of risk management.  The Game
exemplifies that the risk management can be a powerful instrument for
development.   Risk management can save lives and mitigate
the impact of economic and other shocks. 
Risk management practices involves acquiring knowledge (research), protection
(insurance) and coping which involves updating knowledge, learning from the
experience, rebuilding infrastructure and lives and community networks.  The choices used in the game include
balancing development with risk management: financial resources have to be apportioned
to development and risk mitigating measures (such as insurance and other
safeguard activities).  These are the choices
and trade off.  As one prepares for risk,
financial resources are utilized and development activities are put on hold. A key take-away is that risk
management is not a one-off event.  It is
a process which must be understood by individuals and the community at large; systematic operations should be embedded throughout the risk chain.



The game was played several
times.  The key is using the learning in previous games to inform decision making – such as buying insurance and
building defenses early and taking a phased and planned approach to development.  The man things I learnt from the game are:

1.       The
main types of risk management tools are knowledge, protection and coping.

2.       Effective
community networks could reduce impact of the shocks

3.       Risk
management actions (knowledge and protection) should be taken in advance.

4.       impact
of shocks could be amplified or reduce depending on your environment and risk
measures

5.       Past
shocks can affect the severity of future shocks – be prepared

6.       Effective
risk management involves combining capacity to prepare and cope, such as
building strong community networks pool resources and share risks.

7.       Risk
management costs money, but the benefits clearly outweigh the costs

8.       Early
warning system could be an effective risk management tool

9.       Uncertainty
is an obstacle that could impair risk management

What was snot evident in the game is that it is essential to have a strong emergency response
     system in place, to ensure that it works, and to test it. This system should be designed for worst-case scenarios.

The change I would recommend to
the game has to do with the mechanics. 
Failing Levels higher than one, forces the player to restart the game.  I would recommend that the player should have
to choice of restarting or continuing from the previous level.  In terms of content, it would be great if
behavioural obstacles could be added, namely, over-confidence, under-estimation
of the risk and procrastination.  In my
part of the world, these behavioural matters are most problematic from the
point of view of risk management. Also, the role of public institutions in coping with shocks could be added - public hospitals and clinics, public assistance, and the work of civil defense bodies.

