4767921

Reflection on The Risk Horizon Game

1

In the game, risk management decides
whether your base could survive through the waves and reach certain milestones.
Risk in the game shows up in the form of comets, or shocks, and its severity
and likelihood of happening are quantified through “levels”. There are mainly
four choices we have to make in the game: the level of protection;insurances;pods andresearch.The major tradeoffs and their influences on
the game are:

Raising the level of protection requires money, which means less
money could be spent on building/upgrading pods and insurance. According to
observation, improving protections would jeopardize reaching the milestones,
and it is disappointingly hard to keep raising it once protection approaches
the blue level. However, protection exists permanently once upgraded and when
waves shock the community, a high level protection would reduce odds of lost;Buying insurances requires money, and there are three levels of
insurances that we may choose from. The higher our insurance fee is, the higher
level of compensation is offered lost occurs. Buying insurances prevent us from
spending money on other choices, though they hedge part of our potential risk. However,
they only last for one level, and the fee is incremental, which severely slows
down our pace of development;Upgrading and building pods is essential to passing a level. The
more pods we have, and the higher their level is, the faster we could reach the
milestone. The tradeoff is spending too much on pods often leads to lack of
protection and inability to buy insurances; however, spending too little makes
the progression bar grow too slowly and thus makes the player unable to reach
the milestone;Researching on comets is a costless yet effective way when dealing
with risks. Though research only works on the very comets you click, it can
effectively increase the time you have to enhance you protection. Also noticeable
is that research is almost costless, should we neglect the time which would
otherwise be wasted spent. 

2

I played the game for about 15 times. I was
lucky enough to reach level 6 the first time I tried. The first time I played,
I literally ignored insurance. When I play the second time, I decided that my
strategy was too risky and bought 50% insurance. Also during my first play, I
did not know the function of research; so in the second time, I was able to do
better on the researches.
The biggest differences between these two times is that in my first try I tried
to upgrade one pod to a very high level first, well in the second time I
upgraded all pods to a certain level first. As it turns out, my strategy for
the first time seems to be better.

 

3

If asked to add one feature to the game, I
would like to either add a research academy or a policy maker.

The research academy represents the
existence of opportunity and investment. By investing in the academy, players
can increase the starting level of research for each comet (which means even
the level of “research” for a comet would be higher than 0 if you do not spend
any time on it).

The policy maker represents the risk management
choice people in my country often have to make. The policy maker may enforce
laws that make insurance more expansive or cheaper than before randomly, or may
raise or lower the level of protection discretionarily. This is a relatively
uncontrollable variable, but it would better represent the reality.That's all. Thanks for grading.