4773568

Risk Management make us more resilience, resilience is the ability to mitigate losses from adverse shocks and to foster recovery.Risk Management give as ability to achieving prosperity and prosperity is obtained by improving the benefits from pursuing opportunities. To do this undertaking new ventures that involved larger risks but also larger benefits is key.Risk Management is a process of confronting risks, preparing for them, and coping with their effects.1- Why is Risk Management important for development?2- How should it be conducted?Risk Management consists of preparation and coping, and that in turn preparation consists of acquiring knowledge and obtaining protection and insurance.3- What obstacles prevent people and societies from conducting it effectively? This is important because even though we know what the right steps for Risk Management are, very often we find that people in societies do not conduct it effectively and we will learn the importance of lack of resources and lack of information, missing markets and missing public goods in this regard. 4- how can these obstacles be overcome?We will argue throughout this course that the obstacles to Risk Management can be effectively overcome if different systems in society work jointly together and we are referring to households, communities, enterprises, the financial system, the state, and the international community. They can all contribute in different but important ways.Enjoy the course and I hope that once you have finished it, you will say yes to the question "Will you ready when a crisis strikes or when an opportunity knocks at your door?" Thanks. How can risk management contribute to development?It can save lives. It can prevent crises. It can help unleash opportunities. Whether risks are systemic or idiosyncratic, imposed or taken on voluntarily, development can occur only by successfully confronting risk and pursuing opportunity. Risk management can contribute to development by saving lives (as in the case of reduced deaths from cyclones in Bangladesh); prevent crises (as in the case of the limited impact from the global financial crisis in the Czech Republic, Kenya, and Peru); and help unleash opportunities (as in the case of Indian farmers who could pursue more opportunities by having insurance to cover potential losses).What we mean by effective risk management?I want to start by setting out a framework that helps to illustrate how risks evolve over time, what we call the risk chain. You can think of the realization of a risk as starting with a shock, a change in the world that may be negative, such as a natural disaster or financial crisis, or positive such as technological improvement or a resource boom. The impact of these shocks can be amplified or reduced depending on people's external environment, their internal conditions, and what risk management is in place. There can also be important feedback effects over time. So, for example, the outcomes of past shocks may affect the propensity for future shocks.The risk management can be central to the transmission of shocks and the impact that they have.What does effective risk management look like? We argued that risk management that is effective needs to combine capacity to prepare in advance with an ability to cope afterwards. Preparation includes knowledge, getting information on risk, but then using that information to make judgments, obtaining protection, measures to influence both the impact or probability of a shock, or obtaining insurance, measures to transfer resources from good to bad times or to those most in need in bad times. But not all shocks can or even should be prevented, so people also need to be able to cope afterwards. Coping actions could include updating knowledge and then using whatever other protection and insurance arrangements are in place. 