4781219

Risk Horizon is a game of risk strategy and
understanding how to protect and develop Alora, a world which is in the pathway
of ever-present comets.  Inherently, the success of Alora depends entirely
on the level of expertise in applying risk management tools of knowledge,
protection and insurance. To succeed, the correct balance of insurance, pod building
and land levels must be delicately taken into account with monetary funding as
a key variable.  In the first few trials of the game, I relied heavily on
insurance and research with less emphasis on raising the land level.  Not
taking into account the money level resulted in a number of comet hits and a
higher severity of damage.  Insurance did not protect the pods from flood damage
and excessive dollars were required to repair the community. Changing strategy for subsequent games, I channeled the
resources towards building/upgrading the pods and raising the land level and
applying less importance to insurance.  As I progressed to levels 4, 5 and
6, it was evident this was the right balance to ensure that the comets would
safely pass with minimal damage.   Buying insurance became a back-up
strategy, offering a sense of security, rather than relying on it as a primary
factor in the success of preservation.  Research played a secondary role
in the ability to reach higher game levels.  With a less than 100%
reliability factor, it was used as a knowledge tool offering a brief look at a
comet’s power to build the strength of community connections.   If I were to add one game element, it would be the
ability to install a transparent dome around the community to protect it from
floods.  It would be a temporary
structure with a set time frame of fifteen seconds and a cost of three hundred
($300) dollars.  The dome would change
colors, from green to yellow to red, signifying the elapsed time.  The decision to activate the dome would
require a cost-benefit analysis prioritizing research, insurance and expected comet
damage. This game represents a rudimentary exercise on how the tools
of risk management are applied to a given task.  The goals are simple: protect,
sustain and develop.  With many unknown obstacles, the decision process
becomes complex with many resources required to effectively follow-through to
ensure resilience and success.  Being aware of all possible risks, though not always
entirely feasible, allows for proper risk management implementation through the
use of the given tools.  Proper planning, adopting a proactive strategy
and maintaining a proper balance are the essential building blocks that lead to
a sustained and stable foundation.