4785408

What was the role of risk management in the game? What
choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 

 

I think this game was very y interesting due to the fact
that there was only one knows threat and at time it still was hard to manage
risk. Imagine if there were multiple such as the real world; that’s why it
takes decades to strike a risk management balance.

There were definitely tradeoffs in the three categories,
depending on how full my tube was, if it was green, and how much time I had left
on the clock. If I was at the half way mark I did more research, if time was
running low I bought insurance, and I did not worry about protection to much
because it took too long to rise. But when development was at its highest, it
took a long time to rebuild once disaster struck.

 

If you played the game only once, what would you do
differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game
more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the
main things you learned from the game?

 

After about the third time playing the game, I realized that
I could not implement all tactics to protect development. Timing was and is the
key to everything. Of course you spend more time focusing on one thing more
than others, but that one task that was neglected must be implemented at the
right time and to its fullest capacity.

 

The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk
management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game,
which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

 

I think there should be a actual wall (levee) that the gamer
could build instead of raising the “sea level”, limiting the risk of flood.
There should also be an audio alert of some sort to actually let you know that
a meteor has or will hit.

 

 