4787780

As I first played the game, I did not understand the balance between development and risk management. So being too fearful, I underdeveloped. The lack of pods did not fill my development bar. I lost.In the second game, I started to develop more aggressively, but I did not understand the information from the research. I kept having all of my pods get destroyed because I did not elevate to protect from the waves. I lost again.In game three, I continued to build, but I decided to spend more on insurance to overcome the damage from the waves caused by the comets. I spent a fair bit on insurance, which took away from my ability to build pods. But, I managed to pass level 1.In level 2, I continued to spend on insurance, which became very expensive. It did not rebuild all of the pods that I lost, so I ended up not being able to fill the development bar. I lost again.In game four, the information from research finally made sense. It was the severity of hit, or damage that was most important, not the probability of hit. And I finally realized the role of protection in this game. That is, to elevate and avoid the damage to my pods. I should have read the instructions more carefully. First, you have to have knowledge! Then you can use it to assess risks and develop an action plan. I managed to pass level 2. Yay! Then lost level 3.I was starting to understand the point of the game. The interplay of development, knowledge, protection, and insurance. But I definitely did not understand “how to win” the game. Or at least get to level 4, and  my 10%.In the next game, I decided that insurance was too expensive, and only got more expensive as you went along. So I opted to spend none on insurance. I spent most on development. After researching the severity of hits from each comet, I made sure to spend enough on protection by elevating to match the most severe hit. This got me to level 3.I realized that I still was not developing enough to fill my development bar. I decided to develop further by upgrading pods as well as protection. This combination finally worked and I got to level 4. Wow! That was a bit harder, and longer that I thought.I learned quite a few lessons. The main lesson is that coping with risks and their negative outcomes can be quite challenging and frustrating. Fortunately, the mechanisms in this course can help. First, knowledge is the key. You need to understand all the risks involved and how to plan for them. That is, how to lessen the damage from them, or how to avoid them altogether. Second, it is more important to protect yourself from risks and avoid them altogether. That way you don’t have to rebuild. While insurance is useful, and often necessary, it is expensive and you still have to rebuild. Third, it is a very difficult thing to learn how to balance all of these, especially on your own. Now, I recognize the importance of a course like this, especially to those who suffer real risks and real severe negative outcomes in their lives.I thought this game and the reflection exercise were just filler in this course. Games can be used effectively to educate! There is nothing like experience, even simulated, to make one truly understand and feel.I would suggest having a more realistic risk such as earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes.