4791894

 

Risk Horizon Game

 

                        At
a glance, I could not understand the game, what it is, and what am I supposed
to do in the game.  So I took the
tutorial, and I thought now let me play and see.  I understood my task is to develop the
community of Alora as I have been chosen its Luminator.  This I have to do to the best of my ability
while meeting certain milestones along the way. 
These milestones are indicated by lines marked on the development bar
and I have to fill the bar by building and upgrading the pods.  Each pod helps increase my rate of
development.  Next I have to beware of
the falling comets that are called shocks, because when they careen into water
and cause waves which hinder development. 
I have to balance between growing the community as well as preparing for
these potential shocks.  Thankfully, I
have abilities that can help.  Using my
interface device, I am able to access these Luminator powers, Research,
Protection and Insurance.  

            As
a first step I have built a few pods exhausting a part of my wealth pool.  With the remaining amount I have purchased
the maximum possible insurance.  Then
tried clicking and holding the button provided to take it to four bars so that
the colour in the development bar remains green as I was informed that it
should remain green to develop Alora. 
Then I tried to upgrade the pods to the next level.  Meanwhile the comets attacked and damaged the
pods partially.  Immediately I tried to
repair them which cost me some more of my wealth, thankfully a little lesser as
I have already purchased the insurance. 
This way I have tried to build, and develop the community.

1.                 
The role of risk management in the game is watching simultaneously
the development in the bar, building and upgrading the pods, making maximum possible
insurance, and doing the repair work of the pods as without doing repairs it is
not possible to develop the community. 
When hit by comet, it also became prudent to take community help as
directed.

2.                 
I played the game a few times.  In the beginning I didn’t understand the
importance of insurance and doing the repair works.  Slowly, second and third time I think I used
all possible things like research, protection and insurance and tried to move
ahead.

3.                 
My suggestion is even after the tutorial, it is not
fully user friendly,  so kindly make it
easy.