4813719

The role of risk management in this game, was to teach about how to best judge risk and prepare for threats to the development. This included having to keep an eye on risk on the horizon, to research the risk (will it hit or not, and of yes, how much damage will it likely cause).  It required the player to at times trade off the benefit of adding to the development bar, against having money ready to spend on insurance, upgrades or additional buildings.  It also meant that not only only did you have to respond quickly to any potential threats on the horizon, but when linking communities (the yellow highlights that appeared) it taught you to respond quickly to any disasters as soon as they happened, in order not to hamper development.  I tried to assess the risks, and plan my responses before disaster struck, whether this was to increase my insurance, or ensure that I had enough money ready and available to spend for repairs immediately when needed.  Were I to play again, I would seek to get more practice in juggling less insurance for me buildings, and also experiement with having less buildings, but more upgrades, and see what worked best.  The things I learnt most from the game, was the importance of assessing risks as soon as they appeared, and the importance of resource management.  If I were to redesign the game, I would redesign it based on Australia, Canberra to be exact. Canberra, the relatively 'new' (1908) purpose built capital of Australia is surrounded by shrub-land, (called the bush) which in Australia's extremely dry, and hot environment, is prone to what's known as bush fires, intense fires that quickly spread through huge areas and in 2003, almost risking the existence of the city itself. I believe this is a suitable example to be used in this sort of risk management game. I would therefore: choose Canberra as the setting of the game, change bush fires instead of meteorites, and change the wells for housing and businesses, with upgrades being used to increase their size/productivityThe lifting of the wells, I would change for people seeking shelterInsurance and everything else, I would keep as isThese keeps the ethos of the original game: Identify and assess risktake action to limit impacttake appropriate actions (repairs) to return to a normal state as soon as possible, thereby limiting impact