4819599

At the first glance the game game seemed so easy. Some simple rules, a few buttons on the user interface and an obvious task, improve your world. Just like in the real life it was proved hard. The simplest strategy ever to win the game to care about nothing else but your team, the pods. No attention on the milestones, the risks, nothing. The best team can do anything, the best team can remove any obstacles. On the one hand it could be true in an ideal world. On  the other hand the game simulates the real world very well it is necessary, but not sufficient. It is clear that without the technical knowledge, without experts the milestones can not be achieved, but at the same time you have to prepare the effects of the real life. The milestone itself is the most important thing so you have to mostly focus on it. If you have no progression in this field there is no success. While you are on the road to the goal you have to watch the sky to see with kind of risks come to you. In my humble opinion it us useless to care about the risks with low severity and chance of hot. It just business as usual. A well prepared team can handle this type of risks well. The high chance of hit with low severity may be handled as you can overtake the trouble. If both the risk and the chance of hit is high you should research it. Several times it turns out that the problem itself is not so big as we assume. If it is you are undefended if you did not care about the protection earlier. The protection is the key of this game I think. If you are protected enough there is almost nothing can stray you. So meanwhile you develop your team do not forget protection. Make it as strong as possible. Only the pressure cause any problem, because in some times trouble happens in the home stretch. In  this case well developed and protected pods with reserves can survive and you can decrease the economical affects of a comet with a good insurance to make the reconstruction cheap and fast. Other lesson of the game is the fact that the money itself is almost nothing. In almost all cases money is enough for the growth, for the development, for the reconstruction or to buy an insurance in this game, but in the real life unfortunately this is not so. So if there is anything I would change in the game (except that it is annoying to start the game from scratch any time) is that I make the world little bit more expensive as it is.