4822444

In my opinion, it is a very interesting game. To do well in
the game you need to think strategically - meaning think about the balance
between preparing for risk and investing in developing your community; but also
thinking about the different tools you have at your disposal. This is a balance
policy makers have to consider all the time. They have limited resources, so
there is a tension between spending up front on risk management (for shocks
that may hit in the future, but may not hit) or to spend on other development
priorities. How should they spend their money?

 For example, when I first
played I put too much emphasis on insurance, and could not easily progress past
level 3. Then I realized it is not enough to rely on insurance after the fact,
you also need to invest heavily in protection. The lesson I learned from
the game was trying to build the pods as many as I could with all the
money I had. At the same time, I used some money for protection at some levels.
When the comet appeared, I tried to find out how severe it was and the
chance it would hit and then checked the protection level to make sure
it's fully protected. If it was a big hit then I tried to buy insurance to
reduce the damage cost. I also took time to do the research (depending on
the severity of the comet) to get more time for the connection. The
problem is not having enough money and time (obstacles) to do everything
at the same time; therefore, it relies mostly on how people manage
to respond to risks effectively while they are still able to continue
to develop their communities.
The balance between risk preparation and developing your community is
(intentionally) difficult to reach. If you spend too much on building and
upgrading pods, you will be exposed to comets when they hit. When you sustain
damage from comets your progress bar on the left is decreased. On the other hand,
if you spend too much on preparation for risk, you will not have enough money
to develop your community sufficiently to pass the level.