4825563

Question 1As the risk management in the game, I intentionally take balance of pouring resources to each choices(e.g, knowledge, protection, and insurance). When that balance is not good, I was not able to get adequate score. Focusing on limited factors leads to failure.When I struggled with this game first, I poured resources to only knowledge. I might be fear for damage. As the result, there were enough resources, little development, and finally failure. In my reflection, I had to pour resources to each domains at good balance with normal mental mode. The mind of strong fear made me made decision badly.In this point, normal mental mode is also needed in risk management. Of course, this is so difficult for many people. So, leaders in any organizations should have both balanced viewpoints and normal mental mode for action.Question 2What I learned from the game is "balance". As mentioned above, even if pouring resources to that factor is good thing, another factors should also be considered for risk management. But I do not know which balance is the most suitable for the best risk management. As my answer as now, there is only way to continue to think what is best.If I play this game again, I will pour resources to all domains constantly. Moreover, in some case, I will make priority, that is "Which domain should I pour resource to win this game?". This hypothesis of priority will lead to very productive thinking power for me. In this sense, this game is good tool to develop ability of risk management.Moreover, as a usual life, we had better think priority for our life. Are those family, business, community, and self? This thinking in every life will help to construct priority for risk management. In this point, risk management is needed not only for dangerous situation but also for everyday life. Question 3I would like to propose "team play". Because there are many players in risk management of real life, I think that participants of this game have to collaborate with others to win. If collaboration is needed in this game, I imagine that the difficulty of this game will be up and that there is more learning from this game. On the other hand, collaboration with others in this game leads to difficulty of finishing this game. Because there are a lot of tendencies of thinking, only attendances who have appropriate communication ability can finish this developed game. If there is a selfish attendance who want to do as he or she thinks, that team will do nothing.