4835725

Risk management in the game forced you to balance everything within the game. While you can make it from level 1 to level 2 by ignoring research on the comets, it got increasingly difficult to do so. Same with buying no level of insurance or neglecting protection until it was too late. During game play I always bought the highest level of insurance first, then I would research the comets until at least the first blue bar appeared, pausing when i had enough money to upgrade my pods. And then I would add more protection last. I found that preparation always stopped development completely. So you couldn't hold the protection button until it was completely filled up, or else you would lose the game or run out of money. On the completely opposite end of the spectrum, you also couldn't ignore it completely. While there may be some comets that only have a bar or two in terms of severity, there were many more (especially in the later levels) that were more severe.I played the game multiple times. Initially I found it very hard to advance past the second level. Only when I bought all the additional pods and made sure my protection had at least 1 blue bar was I able to advance to the next level. The first time I played the game through, I found that I worried more about what the chances of the comets hitting were, rather than severity of the impact. The problem with that was that I hadn't researched it enough. During later play throughs, I saw that research could change the severity and the chance it hit. But I also bought the highest level of insurance, since it would take the largest reduction in costs of repair, and I started ignoring the bar that said what the chance of it hitting was and paid more attention to the severity of the impact and making a decision whether or not to increase my protection and stop development.Another thing I changed after my first play through was to buy 2 pods, then increase my protection to the first blue bar. Then i would buy the most insurance I could get, and then buy the rest of the pods. While waiting for enough money to buy the pods (or to upgrade them if I bought them all), I would research the comets to at least 1 blue bar. In the first level, I would research them more, since there were not so many that came, but in later levels, there were more that came more frequently, so I couldn't spend as much time researching one. I found that researching until at least 1 blue bar could change the perceived severity, allowing me to make adjustments to protection. If I were to develop the 2.0 version of this game, I would add a drainage system that would allow the floods to be less damaging. The player would have to buy it, initially, and upgrade it, or ignore it and watch it degrade over time. My city is divided into communities and right now they are very focused on having developers build new properties, which leave the older neighbourhoods in trouble, since they have little money left over to upgrade things like the drainage systems. Over the past 2 years, there have already been problems with the drains not being able to keep up with the heavy rains and flooding the street and some times the basements of the houses also.