4841946

First of all, I’m not fluent in English
than I hope It will be understandable.

1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)? The role of risk management is finding the
balance between growing the community and preparing for these potential waves. For that, it seems important to have a protection. But a good protection doesn’t
prevent all risks, especially an unknown risk. Then I try to improve my Knowledge. But when there are a lot of comets, we need insurance because bad times will occur. If I spend a lot of money or time in
preparation, immediately I gain a huge protection. But after some
time, the development is slowly and I have not enough pods for the next step.

2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?In my first try, I try to balance Knowledge, protection and insurance. But when a comet
provides damages, there are lot problems. We lose a lot development and money. After, I  try to avoid comet. I increase protection and Knowledge on comet. And buy insurance only if I can’t manage protection and research. I learned that a
comet with low chance to hit can … hit ! Then, if the comet has a huge
impact, it’s really important to have insurance. In real life, it’s like the 1% risk;
it’s very unlikely that will happen and i do nothing. But, if it’s happen the consequences are dramatic.

 

3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?We can easly to refer of this course to change or add something. We learn concepts with more
complexity about Knowledge, Protection and Insurance :Knowledge is about to improve understanding of possible shocks and their
potential outcomes. And the acquisition of this knowledge should be easier each
time. Then I can propose to capitalize this knowledge to increase the speed of
learning. In addition, when you improve the understanding of shocks, it should
be possible to improve protection. The protection is about to reduce the probability of losses
from negative shocks, or to increase gains from positive shocks. Then, we can build something to break waves or upgrade building with better protection. It’s possible to gains something
like the pumped-storage hydroelectricity (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pumped-storage_hydroelectricity)
or builds canal and reservoir (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_lake).Insurance is about to transfer resources to
those most in need in bad times. But Insurance is not necessary to win the game, it’s
a little bit against this course. To change that I think the game should be not prevent all damages with a
good protection and knowledge, a least in the beginning. And we are lucky, because
all comets fall in the ocean but what’s happened if a comet falls on pods? It can be a good idea to improve the notion of Insurance. 