4844162

1. The game taught us that risk
management can “provide a means for people to better manage the potential
downside from taking on risk—thereby fostering opportunity and ultimately reducing
poverty” (World
Development Report 2014; p. 59).  As
players, we quickly learned that we needed to be proactive in order to prevent
or lessen damage. Investments could become fruitless in the wake of disasters,
but non-investments due to risk adversity certainly led nowhere. 

2. I had to play the game several times before getting the
hang of it. For example, it took me some time to understand that the Research option
– representing the Early Warning Systems that can help curb the potential
damage from natural hazards – not only allowed players to forecast probability
and intensity of an imminent strike but also paid off in terms of the much
needed resources (i.e. cash). In this sense, one of the key lessons of the exercise
is that we should invest in better information and alerts, but also in
long-term monitoring because it will pay back. Another aspect that I learned
from the game is that we need to balance how we invest in risk management,
whether through insurance or defense engineering, in response to the level of
threat. Neither can eliminate hazards but they do lessen any negative impact
and the burden of post-disaster reconstruction. 

3. Perhaps the introduction of a variety of risks could
reduce the mechanistic aspect of the game, which after a while becomes repetitive
and intuitive. In my opinion the automatism of responses lessens the
opportunity to make the player think and react accordingly.  From a graphic point of view, rather than meteors
– which I find rather improbable – I would like to suggest the introduction of
small black clouds with lightning representing thunder storms (bringing floods)
or small blasts to represent underwater earthquakes (causing tsunamis). In
terms of defense solution, I found the raising of an entire platform very
unrealistic, I would preferred the possibility of raising the pods individually,
either on stilts or on small earth mounds. On the other hand, from a conceptual
point of view, the game should allow the creation of community linkages before
disasters strike not only post-facto.


Lastly, to better represent the risk management
choices that matter the most where I live (Northern Italy), I
would appreciate the introduction of calamities such as river flooding, landslides
and earthquakes.  