4869276



1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What
choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The role of risk management is basically how I was able to
manage the risk of getting hit by a meteor either by buying insurance or by
raising the level of the floor. I had to choose between how high the level of
the floor should be based on the chance of hit and severity of the meteor as
well as how often I should upgrade my pods. If I don’t prepare for the risk of
getting hit by a meteor (by buying insurance or raising floor level), then if I
indeed got hit, the time and money I could have spent in upgrading my pods will
be used to repair them instead. This is a setback because the higher the level
of the pod, the faster the bar is filled.

 

2. If you played the game only once, what would you do
differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game
more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the
main things you learned from the game?

I played the game 5x I think and I tried different scenarios
for each one. For the first try, I thought more pods is better so I tried to
build more but it’s harder to repair when I got hit and I couldn’t raise the
floor level high enough in preparation for meteors because I have no more
money. For the second try, I built less pods, spent more money in insurance and
raising the floor level but I was not able to upgrade my pods more often so I
still was not able to raise the bar high enough before the time runs out. Also,
I spent so much money in raising the floor level instead of upgrading my pods. For
the third try, I built three pods and focus on upgrading them. I bought only
50% insurance and gauge how high the floor level should be based on chance of
hit. If the chance of hit is four bars and above, I make the floor level up to
four bars or more as well. There are times when I still get hit but because I
upgraded my pods, the bar level is not that affected and I get more money too. 

3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of
risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the
game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

I guess being able to choose which pods will have the floor
raised. The reason being I could upgrade more on those pods that are in the
higher levels so no to less damage when hit but at the same time I have pods
that are in the lower level and might get hit but I won’t upgrade them much so
that repair costs will be minimal. Because the damage is different between
those with higher level and lower level, then the benefit I will get from them
will be different too. 

