4881416

1. Risk Management was an important if not central to the success of building a thriving community in this game. I must admit that I made the wrong strategic choices during the first attempts of the game by putting an emphasis on protecting communities instead of building them.It was clear after a few attempts that more efforts should put into researching and knowing which comet was likely to hit and what damage was the community likely to sustain from the impact. Protection required nearly as much time if not more than research. Insurance did play a relatively important role, but only to reduce costs to rebuild. I'm not sure how many attempts I made, but I surely did more than six, and although I did not go past level two, I had learned a great deal about how to prioritize in order to gain a strategic advantage.The three P's, Preparation, Preparation and Protection was my strategy. It may seem strange that I exlcuded insurance but in many cases I had to trade off insurance for more protection. In the  end, a certain level of insurance no matter how small it could be was needed. Preparation gave me the much needed knowledge about the comets, with that knowledge, I knew which ones I should not bother with, but what I also noticed was that in some cases after some time preparation did affect the chances of being hit by a comet.2. The very first time I played the game, I spent a great deal on insurance, built a couple of Pods and spent a considerable amount of time protecting them. I quickly realized that it was the wrong strategy and I learned that it's better to spend more resources on developping the community then building a good strategy for researching comets, gaining knowledge about the comets, this also enabled me to gain some time to connect communities in case of an impact.There is no doubt research and development in order to gain knowledge of threats in crucial to any Risk management strategy.3. Yes the game does capture the essential elements in managing risk within a developing community however I felt there is the "Human" element missing. Where I live, behavior, attitude and culture have a great impact on developing communities. In fact, people not only are central to managing risk but they are a risk to the communities themselves. If I was tasked in making improvements or developing a new version of the game I would most certainly introduce people or inhabitants element alongside the pods