4911977

 The role of risk management in the game is critical.  In terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance that is all necessary to win the game. However, I don't think I grasped the balance and interaction between all of these 3 elements of  risk management in the game.I played at least 4 times but I couldn't reach level 4, my final best scores was level 4. I couldn't figure out what is the best risk management strategy for this game. I think I did most of the clicking by monitoring the comet strike, I purchased insurance at different level, but I think 50% coverage would be the best. I couldn't figure out the community connection and how to score the game to the right level. The 3 thing we do, the research (the information) about the possibility of the comet strike was at level one eared most of the points or increase the level to the level 2. I sometime underestimated a risk, thinking if there are only two bars for risk, I might not have to click it all the time, this is covered by two of the talked in the week 2 lecture, the human behavior of underestimating the risk. I tried to purchase the insurance at 75% level but I think it is not the best strategy, it would be better just stay at whatever lever I could afford, 50% might be the best.The 3 things: information, protection and the insurance in the game and also the development of the community all cost money, the resources, the balance is the art. But I don't think I have a clear strategy to win it till the level 4. I think the most of pay-off is the research, by keep clicking the comet, but on the ground I have to develop the pods too.The help file about how to play didn't help much and the tutorial did help that much either. In the end I was running out of time to keep playing the game. If I were have to do it again for another 4 or 5 games. I will start by purchasing 50% insurance and build at least 2 pods and keep watching by clicking the comet all the time until it miss or it hit.In real life, I would purchase the middle range of insurance, research about the risk by connecting the communities, the collective wisdom and develop the community by building the infrastructure with maybe 75% of the funds.  If the protection plan can score more, i would also invest in it.Underestimation of the risk was a problem for some of my loss in the game, but overall, should I understand more which can increase the scores more and (more buildings, more research on the comets, or more protection or more purchase of the insurance), I would make better decisions. Fortunately it was just a game. If it were for real, I have lost too many times to be able to successfully for the Alora community.Good luck with your game and risk management and writing. 