4917517

 Course’s supported game is the best place to try out the model of taking benefit from
uncertainty. It is a test for each own model by students on this course.  Let's use my model as an example, we will experience something. In my model, we need to know about everything there, do a forecast, choose one
uncertainty (or more) to earn a most benefit. In example, the goal of this game
is to develop a country with a limited capital. We will take the most benefit
from the chosen uncertainty to do this work.

 We need to have the knowledge of everything exist there and found by the forecast
(with a probability of trust), from the smallest to the biggest, because the
uncertainty is created by links from each thing to other. From all uncertainty,
I choose one or more uncertainty have ability to give the most benefit
(returns out of costs) and possible with our capital. In example, when game
start, we need to do a research (on our mind, the game have not) about risk and
opportunity, which loss can be come and how many the risk is. The opportunity
is our goal, we need to develop our country, how many pods we can build to earn
the most return for our capital to do the next. We use tools of risk management
to prepare for risk (build the defense, build pods to have community) or buy an
insurance then build pods, or build pods only. Knowing exactly about everything
(include things exist or calculated by the forecast) is the key to play this
game, also to do risk management on all events of real life.

 

 We
have some tools and systems have to been considered to do the risk management.
Tools are knowledge, protection, insurance, coping, and Systems are state,
community, enterprises, financial system, household, individuals. With a
systemic risk, we only can use Community and State. Community can links
individuals to do a protection. State will do research for Knowledge tool, provide
public goods as the defense and insurance. As an example, in this game, with
the key is the knowledge of everything, we have to prefer do research all time.
Research and Community are the cheapest tool to help the damage from comets.
Protection is the most expensive tool for defense from damage, but good news is
protection defense all damage with no probability. It means, with a power
protection have been built, we no need the insurance anymore. Insurance is
cheaper than protection for helping from comet damage, but I only use it when I
guess a low risk will come. Insurance is the tool for development, do it to get
more power for the pursuit of opportunity.

 

 Before
the game, I know the knowledge of everything is very important. And then, when I
played the game, I learned I have to know exactly about everything. Not only things
exist, but also things calculated by the forecast with a probability.

 

 With this model, I had done level 3 at the
first play. But, level 6 is so difficult for me, I had to tried it more times
to had done it. 

 