4922421

This was a funny game, like the first viedo games from 80ies. I became frustrated when somestimes somes functions didn´t work properly. I was always concentrated to get the next level. The concepts of risk management disappeared at once. This game is too simple to reflect the basic principles of risk management.  Game function replaced serious thinking, behaviour and reaction.In my opinion the transport of the principles of risk managment to the people shouldn´t be done in such way. If I should take this game seriously, I have to invest in a rocket shield, greetings from SDI from the past.The question where the money comes from is not answered. No mentions of obstacles of handling proper risk management measures.This game wastes time of operative and strategic thinking to develop measures of risk managment.This game could be used for schoolkids or in the kindergarden.This game creates an illusion of a perfect world. You only have to balance shelters, research and insurance policies.This is far from reality. In the videos of week 2, you mentioned the complexity of challenges, obstacles to develop and to implement proper measures of risk management. I exspect more seriousness and responsibilty to this theme.This game plays down the lost of killed people and damaged economy, which you can always restart.I´m absolutly sure that in reality will not be a perfect, balanced solution. All measures could only follow a blueprint of survival.This game implicit that you are able to get the right balance, you have to look for the right balance in reality and you will master the reality.Ohter solutions are not concerned.The world outside is much more complex than we know, there are a lot of different stakeholders with different behaviours and different kind of thinking.The world is not a coin with two sides.Everybody wants to help. to save people, proerty and so on.The question is to understand the reasons for a such slowly development of proper risk management.In this game there is only one decision maker.In reality, I imply democratic countries, there are a lot of different decision makers. The exchange of information is a procedure, which spend a lot of time.Communication between government and people is essential.Risk management measures consumes much money. Who had to pay? The tax payers, of course!Who will responsible for doing risk managment measures?The governmentPoliticansPartiesThe forcesCivil defenceNGO´sIndustriesPeopleInternational organizationsCyber-risks, small wars, big wars are not classfied as risks in this course.Who will be reponsible for excessive risk-taking?What´s about weaknessess in risk culture and governance?What´s about the lack of risk experience and risk skills?What´s about mathematical risk functions, and weaknesses in the way risk is measured and reported?Do we have organizations, who responsible of risk management?United Nations with their subs.World bankInternational monetary fundMay be the SECEuropean UnionI believe that risk management is the challenge of the 21 st century. The handling of clima change, tsunamis, earthquakes, pandemia, organized crime, cyber-risk, the safe deposit of nuclear garbage, an overcrowded planet are the real tasks of global risk management.ResumeéI am deep disappointed about this game. I learned to play a new game, not more, sometimes funny, but not the use of proper risk management measures and procedures. The idea of risk management will not be coverd in this game. You do not need any kind of background information to play this game.You will be successfull in this game by learning by doing or learning from your mistakes. Your target is the score or the next level.