4934546

This game shows risk
management and its components: obtaining knowledge, protection, insurance. The
success in this game is achievable only by using effective risk management
strategies in combination with knowledge of the community development strategy.
I spent resources on buying an insurance which covers 75% of losses and on
community building. When I saw that a comet was coming I spent resources on
studying it and  if its chance of  hitting and the severity of the comet was
high  I tried to spent the rest of
resources to boost community protection.

If I played the game
only once, I would change the protection level and my community development strategy
because I didn’t know from the beginning that to get to next level I should
continue to develop pods which are already developed. First I thought that I
should build all community and then to get to next level of development.  When I played the game more than once, I had
experience and knowledge about the game. So it was easier to develop my
community to the best of my ability while meeting certain milestones along the
way. The preparation for risks helped me in development pods. The main things I
learned from the game that effective risk management is not only knowledge of
risks and protection from them but it is very important to have insurance
because it can save money and resources in future. Of cause it is difficult to
understand what kind of insurance to get because it seems to be a wasting of
resources but in future insurance can save a lot and help in rebuilding the
community quickly. That’s why I bought the insurance which covered the biggest
amount of losses from shocks.


If I was tasked
with developing a new version of the game, which allows me to change or add one
simple thing I would changed the risks because in our life there is no only one
type of risks as in this game. I would add more risks from the comet fall not
only big waves but for example earthquake. In such way it would be more
understandable the importance of protection and insurance in the planet life
and it would be easier to teach players to spend resources on it and it also
would add some dynamics to the game. More real risks and their consequences are
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the our planet.