4937494

The game focuses on the knowledge, protection, insurance and
coping. The game starts by developing community in the specified area. Building
your community increases your progress in game. Everywhere there is risk
involved here in the game the risk is from the comets. The damage to the
community depends upon the severity of the comets. It is recommended to invest
in research about the comet onset and severity. Research will also increase the
progress in game. As there is a high uncertainty it is always advised to insure
the place so even though there is high damage insurance can help in reducing
the cost involved in revamping. If the chance of hit is very high then
protection plays a major role in reducing the damage. The protection is
provided by raising the community platform which sometimes protects our
community. As it is a natural disaster nothing can be predicted and so even
though there is a high research and protection there is a possibility of
destruction can happen in the community. We should be ready to cope up with the
damage. There must be always plan B when unexpected happens this plan B helps
us in rebuilding the community. Investing in revamping the community also
progresses in the game. 

I have tried the game more than once and at different times
I have played with different strategies. This has given a clear understanding
about the game. Risk management is learnt only through practice and through
this game playing at different times can give an opportunity to implement trial
and error method also. By trial and error the best results can be achieved and
thus better risk management. This can further help us to improve our logical
ability. Cause and effect analysis is also be applied in the current scenario.

Improvements in the game can be including
different risks rather than only one risk from the comets. Other natural
calamities can be included in the game which will help us to understand various
risks and methods for managing different risks. Through different risks
uncertainty can be learnt in a better way. Game can also improve on graphics
which will provide better experience. Other risks like economic and market
trend can be a inclusion on game. This game can always helpful in better
understanding of the risk management concepts. Improving it with the feedbacks
from the participants will rise the game to next level.