4942287

(Please let me introduce myself first. I'm a girl from north China, so English is not my mother language. There might be some obstacles in language to write the essay, but I'll try my best to do it.)I think risk management in the game mainly has 3 kinds of roles.The first, risk management can promote the development actively - for more resource, you must develop as fast as you can. Second, risk management can increase the ability to cope with the problem after risk. The last, the fruits of development can be protected effectively by our proper risk management. Confronting in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance, my choice was insurance, knowledge,and protection. Insurance can reduce the loss after comet shock immediately, in a certain period, insurance also works for insuring development. konwledge plays an important role of acquiring information about risk and earning time for community connections immediately.protection has some effects on facing low-level risk, but it needs not only recourse,but also time, spending too much time on protection will lag development.I played the game for about 2 hours, tried many times. Yes, I'm not very good at playing this kind of games. After several rounds, I found the most important things was development. In the beginning, I always try to reach the highest level of protection, ignore comet research and insurance. Development was almostly thrown into outer space by me. The result was, resource was lack all the time, time was not enough all the time, the bar on left side was red all the time, I failed the game all the time. Turning back and reviewing the video, I updated my strategy. My new strategy was like this: 1. Build or update enough pods at the beginning of every level as quickly as possible. What does enough mean? I think 4 or 5 pods maybe appropriate.Of course you must have enough resource to achieve the goal. 2.Purchase the insurance since level 2, also as quickly as possible. Whether you have enough resource is the key as well. 3.Do the research on comet in left time. The higher the probability of hitting is, the more research needs. While doing comet research, resource could be accumulated for next level. 4.Do not spent too much resource and time on protection. It will reduce the speed of development, the same protection could be realized by insurance and research. I reached level 5 once after using this new strategy.The city I live in is inland, generally, the most probable risk is flood, windstorm, and snow damage. These risk are all predicable. So if let me add one simple thing to the game, that should be forecast. Making every forecast needs some resource, but if the forecast was right, damage could be decreased obviously. Maybe it's not universal, you know that many disasters are unpredicable, however it's an important aspect of risk management in my city.