4946425

 1.      
What was the role of risk management in the game? What
choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and insurance? The role of Risk Management in the game is 1.    To provide a methodology to identify and
analyze the financial impact of loss in Alora IslandTo examine the use of realistic and
     cost-effective opportunities in order to prevent natural disasters
     (Prevention for comets)
 To prepare insurance budgets to prevent future
     damage due to cost overruns.
4.    To realize that  Risk Managemnt cannot be successful without
the assistance of other groups
or communities.5.    Allow the development of populations in a
secure way What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? At first, whenever the chances of damage were high, I endeavored to save
some wealth to ensure the island (buy insurance). In
this way, I was assured that no damage (quite probable) could let me without
resources to further encourage the developmentSecondly, referring to knowledge, I tried to look at least 3 times the
comet and its associated data in order to equal protection with the severity.





















Finally, once achieved levels of safety and security, I tried to develop
the city, leaving reserves of wealth for possible accidents.In what ways did preparation for
risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?The preparation for the risk definitely affected the development of the
city of Alora. Thus, it was necessary to save resources of wealth in order to
be prepared for future repairs after accidents instead of using them to develop
the city.



In addition, also a large amount of wealth
was used to buy the insurance as well as to protect the city (it was necessary
to leave always sa reservation forfuture possible increases of protection)2.     If you played the game only once,
what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if
you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? What were the main things you learned from the game? In my case, I've played the game several
times.The first time I was very protectionist,
ie, I used many resources to assure the city(as purchasing the most expensive
insurances), to increase protection ... and fewer resources to develop the city
and increase the level of development in the pods, which was a mistake because
it kept me from beat levels.  The second time, instead, I studied deeper
the data of the comets arriving in the city, buying appropriate  insurance and getting consistent protection to
the severity of the comet. In this way, I had more resources to employ in the
development of the city, which, after all, is the goal.3.    The game captures, in a simplified
way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a
new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing.
What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices
that matter in the place you live?I would make an emphasis on community aid
but especially after the damage occurs. I mean, once the city is reached by the
comet, I would add the possibility that the repair time and cost were lower
thanks to community support