494742

1-     
What was the role of risk
management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you
confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 The role of risk management in the game was
to protect the development planet Alora.
At first, you don’t even have the knowledge of what you should/can do to manage
these risks. As you build you’re understanding of the risks you are facing and
how they relate to your tools to prevent/minimize damages you get better at
evaluating risks and choosing the best response.

It is really important to choose your
response according to the risk’s characteristics, not doing so can have serious
negative impacts on development. For example, in the game, meteors move at
different speed. Slow meteor leave you more time to prepare: Do research and
build protection but with faster ones, sometime it’s impossible to be fully
prepared in which case it’s better to buy insurance to limit the damage.

There are also important trade-offs,
Insurance is often an easy quick solution, but as the game progresses it
becomes more and more expansive, but if you started building protection early,
this investment remains from a phase to the other and give you a long lasting
security solution. This investment is rewarded by the fact that you can
completely ignore low severity risks and concentrate on development if your
protection is higher than the comet’s risk severity.

 

2-     
If you played the game only
once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?
Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

 The first time, I guess I was really risk
averse, this game/course being about risks, so I almost immediately bought
insurance (for no good reason because there was no imminent risk). So I
minimized the risk right at the beginning but I also slowed down development by
using these resources for a temporary solution to a problem I wasn’t even
facing yet. I died at level 3.

I played a second game, maximizing
development and building protection early and steadily. Only when I assessed
that protection and research wouldn’t be enough to cover the risk would I buy
insurance. I won the game.

I learned from the game that limited resources
must be optimized to manage risks in a way that minimizes negative impacts on
development.

  

3-     
The game captures, in a
simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk
management choices that matter in the place you live?

The game already features all of the risk
management activities: Knowledge, Protection, Insurance and Coping. But the
game doesn’t feature any obstacles to risk management. The game could incorporate
obstacles on certain levels or throughout the game like not being able to do research
or build permanent protection before your HUDs reach a certain level.