4949573

In the proposed game, the player has to
develop a community while being exposed to comets impacts. At the end of the game, the player is given an ID. If the game
was successful, the player is granted access to the next level, else he is
invited to restart.

The community level of development is
displayed using a vertical progression bar and color codes (red to green)  to indicate instantly whether the currently undertaken actions would allow to reach the minimum required development
level. To develop and have revenues, the player must
build and upgrade units. These units may be subject to degradations when a
comets crashes leading to repair costs and affecting the productivity level of
the community.

1)     
Role of Risk
Management

To protect the assets, the player has
different options: knowledge development (research), protection (preventive
action with physical levitation of the community) and transfer (insurance with
3 possible rates)

Knowledge development is performed by
following a given comet and having its information displayed. It has an influence
on its impact probability and severity; it also provides more time to react
after the risk has occurred. However, while research is undertaken on a comet,
other actions may not be performed and operations are simply going on.
Knowledge is a long process with no immediate consequences besides the
initial guess of characteristics of a given comet. On the long run, probability
and severity are reduced while available response time is increasing.

Protection is developed progressively. It is quite time consuming and allows protecting
from consequences of some impacts.
Investments for protection do not have an immediate perceptible consequence;
many small investments must be performed to reach an upper level of protection.
However, once reached, the level is immediately effective. Impacts may have
consequences on it and further investments may be required on the long run to
restore a given protection level or improve it.

Insurance is an excellent way to have consequences of an impact supported by a third party (the insurance
company). Coverage never reaches 100% and costs increase as the game level
increases. However, a good rate allows having repair costs supported by the
community drastically reduced. Insurance investment is important and
immediately effective. On the long run, as the number of impacts and damages
increases, the invested money is rapidly recovered.

2)     
Lessons learned

Different attempts were undertaken in
order to better catch the game rules and to reach at least the third level.

Insurance has been acquired early with
the highest possible rate in order to take advantage of it as early as possible
for the entire game.

Buildings have been built and upgraded
progressively. Upgrade has been privileged over construction because of lower costs and reduced reparation costs in case of
impacts (fewer buildings leading to less degradation). However, sufficient
buildings have been implemented in order to ensure a sufficient production.

Research was used first to get an initial
idea of the probability and severity of an impact for a given comet. Whenever
necessary (high values), researches were continued, else a second evaluations of
the values was performed as the comet was approaching. As time invested in
research was spent, the extra time available to react after an impact could be
observed, however the consequence of the undertaken actions were and are still
unclear to me (clicks on the stars clouds that appear).

3)     
Changes to the game

To be more locally
relevant, I would suggest considering earthquakes or industrial risks
(power plants, chemical industry …). Insurance costs should be linked to the
buildings and costs should be reviewed over time.