495423

I had an idea about how this game would pan out when I first started. I have played similar games in the past in which I was required to build cities and deal with a lot of administration. Instead of comets, there would be other natural disasters or war or famine and I would be required to counter the effects of those. There would be limitless choices as to how one could manage the land and the people. 
However, for this game, it turns out it took me three turns to reach level three and I fell a minute step behind what it required to reach level 4. The main constraint overall was the money. The money does not accumulate fast and development and upgrades require subsequently larger amounts of money. I was tempted to build and upgrade and ignore the insurance and protection the first time I played. Lets say, I didn't do too good. I realised it is much better to prevent damage than to repair as it just used up much more money and moreover, time was another constraint. At the end of level 3, I ran out of time twice. Hence, I made sure that the amount of damage was negligible or did not occur at all. By level three it was also more difficult to get the 75% insurance coverage as most of the funds were tied into upgrading. So it was a tradeoff for development versus insurance. The next time round that I play, I think I will prioritise insurance to upgrades and see what happens.
If I were to develop a newer version, I would insert agricultural aspect to it. It would become more challenging as there would now be a tradeoff between shelter and food. As Maslow's hierarchy puts it, the fundamental need of humans is shelter and food security. It would be interesting to see how gamers would balance between the two most important aspects of life...save the home? or save the food? If both of these factors are not balanced, human cannot go up to the next levels in which they develop as a society and progress in knowledge and technology. Subsistence living can only be upgraded if there basic factors are dealt with. The developing countries are stuck in this viscous cycle of basic needs and only by risk taking and management will they be able to break it.