4964179

1. raising the island to prevent comets hitting damage is most risky need to consider for me. I kept a certain island level to reduce comets hitting damage risk, which is my priority strategy. the island level is strongly related with damage level once comets hitting, I need to control this factor very carefully to assure the healthy development. My second action is to do comets research in order to gain more developing time although this is not quite directly impact on the development. comets research is also a key action to win the game here, you need to take waiting time of pod developing to do such research to assure you have more time to develop the pod before comets hitting. Insurance is my last priority, I usually buy cheapest insurance in order to save more resource to develop. Experience is important key to win the game through better risk management strategy. My first game play strategy is Insurance--raising island-- comets research, which cost a lot resource which is not good risk management obviously to sustain the Pod development, so I got notch level 1. My second play adopting strategy as raising island-- Insurance--comets research, this is quite big leap comparing with the strategy in first trail, hence notch level 2 I had . Here is my last strategy priority to win the notch level 4, raising island-- comets research--insurance for third trail. this is best risk management to develop the Pod I found, I obtained more time and lower comets damage happened. 2. Multitask ability is what I learned from this game. I need to plan the priority term to do it orderly to assure the developing progress with lowest damage risk. If I can play it over again, I would try to adjust my strategy priority as Raising island , insurance and comets research. My best grades obtained is based on my strategy priority as Raising island--comets research --insurance for the third game trial.  I would like to experiment different strategy to see the result, thus I can discover the maximum benefit. risk management need to improve along the way to respond the uncertainty, complexity and tight coupling world today, to reinforce risk management I believe experience learning is key, as playing the game more times as the more better risk management idea you will have. if I did not try one more time I won't get better risk management strategy experience to win the notch level 4. therefore, don't let the previous limitation happened to you, be faithful and go beyond yourself is important to refine the risk management ability.3. the world today is complexity, uncertainty and tight coupling.  Tight coupling which means that it is little room for error, this risk in my life is vivid. we need to think more advanced and systematically to reduce error happened thus increasing odds, learning is one way to assure the odds. it is fast eats slow but not big eats small, business would encounter a huge loss because of knowledge arbitrage, wrong perspectives resulting in wrong action. The most troubles to people today is that they don't believe the realm of the truth is in their vision, people are favor of short term solution which is unhealthy comparing with long term solution which can not be seen in short time.  especially, people today eager for fast return and neglect the long term benefits, this always bring a huge risk behind the event, a lot cases shown that a huge financial loss because of bad risk management ability.  this is why there is a quote says knowledge is the muscle of business.  