4972297

1.       The
role of risk management was to balance the efforts made by the community to
prevent the occurrence of a systematic risk caused by the occurrence of Natural
Disasters and yet achieve significant level of development in the same community
through construction and upgrades of structures which are highly prone to destruction
when a natural disaster occurs.

 

The main trade
off was to invest more in Protection than in rapid development. So rather than hastily
build, fewer buildings were erected but I focused on strengthen the foundation of
the community by elevating the level of protection beyond the impending risks.  I leveraged on significant level of research especially
when the disaster had a higher probability of occurrence to create awareness in
the community.  I also made moderate
levels of investment in insurance to manage cost which could be used for
upgrade after the occurrence of a disaster. 

 

Development
could have been achieved much rapidly however, the community would have been at
risk of higher levels of destruction, loss of property and resources. This
would not only discourage development efforts but limit the resources for development
to occur.  As a result of the strategy
utilized, which focused on knowledge and protection for the development of existing
resources caused Development to happen at a slower pace but was more
sustainable in the long run providing enough resources to re-build or perform
upgrades. 

 

2.       After
playing the game a few times I decided to focus less on rapid development but
direct resources towards sustainable development by balancing investment in
protection with knowledge rather than relying on buying high insurance to take care
of the damages after the disaster had occurred.  I learned that pro-activeness is key in dealing
with systematic risk regardless of the level of probability that the risk would
occur. I also learnt that a combination of factors lead to better risk
management not just one factor.  

 

3. The game can also include some Coping aspects of
risk management which is especially important in developing countries such as
Nigeria. This will assist to avert the economic and social shock on the
community  post  the disaster such as increased level of
poverty, illness etc. Developing countries lack enough resources to invest in
adequate levels of protection and might incur significant levels of damages even
though the impact of the risk was reduced through knowledge, Protection and Insurance.
 Good Coping strategies can build stronger
resilience in communities’ efforts to prevent future disasters.