498430

What
 was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?Risk management was critical in mitigating the affects of the regular bombardment and destructive force of the settlement by meteorites. Risk management in the game was concerend with making sure that the settlement was able to continually grown and develop as best as possible in the face of risk - in this case - meteor strikes. You had to make the choice between investing scarce resources (money) and your attention (time) on which of the three mitigation factors to focus on - all the while trying to ensure that the settlement kept developing. There was a continual trade off between allocating resources to 'research' the meteor, improve the resilience to the impacts or two insure against damage.Risk preparation affected development both immediately - as you spent money on insurance - you had less money to upgrade your 'pods' and long term - when you were researching the meteors you couldn't invest in increasing the resilience of the settlements.If
 you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I played the game twice- the second time being more conscious on balancing out the development and risk mitigation and balancing resource use accordingly. The main things learnt was that there is a trade off between development and risk mitigation - but both are crucial to any sustainable future.The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?I would look to include some kind of exogenous risk mitigation - ie. foreign aid / aid for outside the system. This would be interesting to see how people react to the knowledge that there is potential for assistance from outside and how this changes their view of risk, their willingness to invest in mitigation when they know that outside help potential exists. It would be interesting to see (potentially running the game-  with the option to have foreign aid on or off) the implications this has on risk mitigation choices. This has direct implications on the global stage where there is a hypothesis that individual countries have 'outsourced' some of their risk mitigation in the form of institutional preparation and emergency responses to external actors - such as foreign governments, international organizations and NGOs.