5005973

Risk Horizon is an amazingly simple game that allows us to perform risk management at its best, as its basic nature, as a natural instinte. After aquiring new knowledge throughout the course we exercite our knowledge by applying the best techniques in risk management to our land Aloria.

One of the things that I think it's very interesting is the bar that measures the development and the levels that allows us to win the game by developing our pods. This simple thing is very important because it reminds us our main goal is the development and not the shocks themselves. Our goal is not to avoid the damages but to develop through the shocks. Development in the game has two basic componentes just as in reality: quality and quantity (of the pods) which we must manage in order to go further in the game because they both require time and diferent amounts of money.

Then we have three factores when a meteor enters our orbit that are very interesting and that became our main difficulty: Research; Insurance and Prevention. We must decide, we must choose wisely in order to avoid the damage but at the same time we must continue to develop our land, that is the real challenge: to manage all the resources we have wisely in order to develop more and more. I think if we only had to defend or protect Aloria it would be an easy task, the problem here is that we must protect but at the same time we must develop it and as usual time and money are always missing when we need them the most.

The shock is defined by three diferente factors when the meteor hits: Severity of the meteor; Probability of hitting Aloria and Research, the amount of research we get defines the time we have after the impact to react to the shock and diminuish eventual damage. We must manage and use this three factors in order to decrease the impact in our development.

The insurance has three modalitys: by a small amount of many we get a cover of 33% of the costs, by a medium amount of Money we get a cover of 50% of costs and by a big amount  we get a cover of 75% of costs. However we don't want to have to use the insurance because even with the best insurance our development suffers a lot if we get hit by a meteor and don't have adequate protection.

The elevation is the best way to protect our land and our development however it's also the most expensive and requires more time than all the others but in my opinion it's worth it.

After playing this game a number of times I've tried diferent strategies however besides the strategy, luck played an important role just like in reality where we cannot guess some variable factors.

Just like in real life we have to start the elevation (the preparation) in the beggining of level one, in the beggining, before we get the chance to be hit by a meteor and the first meteors may fail to cause any damage however it is the most important thing in the future as the game goes on.

The only thing I would add to this game would be habitants because their reactions also matter a lot in reality and we need to manage them too.

As so, this game is a simple replica of reality that allows us to practice and aquire practic knowledge about risk management.