5016253

The
role of risk management in the game was to point out the importance of
community connections in mitigating the impact of risks. In addition, it points
to the need for a good balance between knowledge and insurance in risk
management. Finally, the timeliness of making these decisions is equally
important. You may have a wonderful concept of how to harmonize knowledge,
community connections and insurance but a delay in execution flaws the entire
planning. Therefore, how and when the execution of the foregoing elements are
very important. 

Trade-offs
in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance was pretty hard because I needed
to make some crucial decisions in light of scarce resources. I think this could
be a possible area some of us could get stuck. Using myself as an example, I had
to weigh the pros and cons of my decisions. How many pods should I sacrifice
for insurance? I have had a number of comets and assessed their risks, am I not
familiar with them? So why should I continue to do more research on them? I almost
yielded to the urge to create little pods and invest more in knowledge and
insurance. But then, I reconsidered the thought. I realized that would be
bowing to the risks and failing to pursue opportunities available (in the form
of land space) to me to create more pods. I decided to go by the maxim, “Problems
are inevitable but misery is optional”. I built and protected my pods. 

I
approached this game with the mindset of engineering development in the face of
risks. I prioritized opportunities and to actuate that, I was keen on creating
more pods, making community connections and insuring them collectively (I
decided against insuring each pod because that would be cost ineffective).

I
was proactive. I made sure I connected communities and insured them
collectively before the onset on risks. I also evaluated the severity of
impending comets which formed an objective basis for me to decide whether to
consolidate protection or insurance. I did most on most occasions. But as I expanded
my pods, I prioritized insurance over community protection.

The
game was interesting. I think giving it a human face would greatly enhance it. It
would make some of us see more than just a game, put us in the hot shoes of
decision making and offer us still a hypothetical but then a nearly real
experience.