5018885

The role and importance of risk management was very much
applicable in the game.  There was no way
one could win the game and go to the next level, without using your resources
on research, protection and insurance while playing the game. This shows how
risk management is very important within countries and communities. There was
the need for some choices to be made in order to distribute resources
judiciously and rationally. To make these choices, there was always the need to
trade up the price of some items in order to get others. I always had to make
sure I did not put all my money-resources just on knowledge-research, or just
for protection, nor just for purchasing insurance. I always tried to strike a
balance for, just a little bit of protection can go a long way to save a lot
when disaster strikes.  Even if your pods
are damaged, the damage will be less if you are protected, as it could be
easily repaid, especially if you had insurance.

Preparation for risk can affect development
immediately an imminent disaster strikes, as well as after after the disaster.
An entire community can be lifted up and out of flood paths using the advance
technology we have today. Some of these risk management could be done by
preparing in advance through the laying down of sandbags, building of dams to
protect homes from flooding or by putting houses on stilts. When shocks such as
drought, floods, famines or loss of job by a household strike, it might be too
late to protect or buy insurance, but you can still make community connections.

The game was very nice and may be, because I studied the
course material and went through the videos before playing, I did play the game
just once.  If I were to play the game
one more time, I will first of all bear in mind that the resources I am working
with are very limited. This is because I learnt from the game that everything
we do has some cost whether in time or resources, and such is the way of life in
a world where nothing comes easy.  With
this in mind, I will make sure I put resources on research, while making sure
there is enough protection, as well as affording better insurance that would be
use to pay for any damage on my pods (communities).

 I learned from the
game that, community protection is a type of insurance. When disaster strikes, we
can help each other survive by sharing resources, thus, forming and sustaining
connections is very valuable in risk management. I also learned from the game
that preparing in advance can serve a lot of lives and property when an
imminent disaster strikes. 

I live in a community made up of many students. In addition
to research, protection and insurance, a rubric for financial aid could be
added in the game. This aid will be paid in the next level of the game after
the player fails to make it. Then, in the next stage/level, he/she will pay
this financial aid before proceeding. This idea comes from the point that some
people cannot effort for insurance. 

 

 

 