502909

1. In this scenario, risk management played the role of a
mitigating against natural hazards, namely meteors causing flood damage to a
city under management.  The choices I had
to make were to balance between knowledge (from research of the path and damage
estimate from approaching meteors), protection (from investing funds in raising
the city higher from the ground); and insurance (usually investing into a 75%
coverage policy for each level attempted). 
It was also important to reserve sufficient funds to continually upgrade
in the city.  I also found that raising the
city off the ground earlier in the game was cheaper, and helped to prepare
against future risks, in particular given that in higher game levels, the meteors
were aggressive – they moved faster, were more likely to hit and caused more
damage.2. There was a definite learning curve, as I played in a
more risk averse way in future rounds, reserving some funds at the end of each
level to ensure I could quickly purchase insurance early on in the next level.  I also learned that I tended not to advance
to further levels, i.e. 2-4, if I suffered significant damage to my city
exceeding 21% or more for a single meteor strike.  Finally, I spent a lot more time on research
for each meteor, in particular those which were more significant in terms of
damage estimates, as this seemed to be a good investment of resources and
helped mitigate and control the level of damage caused, if the meteor did in
fact hit.  The main things I learnt was
that it was important to strike a balance, to continually grow the city whilst
not spending too many resources on defending it – otherwise insufficient
development would prevent me from advancing to the next level.



3) I would introduce another factor to play with, so that
additional skill would be required in balancing four factors, rather than the
existing three of knowledge, protection and insurance.  The more factors in the game the better,
since in real life risk management is about managing a much larger palette of
issues.  Where I live, one key commodity which is constrained is time, so I always appreciate scenarios where it is
beneficial for some time to be set aside and for it to be spent on leisure, as
the constant competition for your attention from work has a significant social
cost.