5032965



Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development



What was the role of
risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did
you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 Risk management was mainly about the weight
of our decisions and the time taken to get to them. Specifically, the role of
risk was traduced into a balancing act of knowledge, protection, insurance and development;
the right balance needed to be found in order to generate wealth, be safe and
informed at the same time.

Tradeoffs made were generally within these 3
items in function of the time left, goal accomplishment (wealth meter), current
exposure (having and insurance or not) and misinformation (research about the
comets). As choosing one of the 3 left the others 2 out, I needed to constantly
balance them in order to succeed in all aspects. 

Preparation for risk affected directly
development when a comet hit and I had no insurance or had known enough about
the comet to mitigate the damage. The more I spent time on research and got an
insurance, the more probabilities I had to stand over again from a hit.

If you played the
game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?
Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

 Well, I might have played it at least 10
times. First, I was not able to get to Level 2 as I was wasting time between
activities and having money frozen without putting it to work. As I went on and
on, I understood a few stuff:

- Time cannot be wasted, not even a sec

- Resources cannot be standing still, they
need to be continuously working and generating more sources

- While all this happens, any time left needs
to be invested in knowledge or preparation

- Quick decisions are key when in crisis;
these may kill or save us in a sec

- Communication and collaboration between
other parties and me, makes the recover task easier

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

 I would not change that much; in my country
however (Guatemala), corruption is a factor that might slow down productivity.
Therefore, I might include it in a form of plague slowing down productivity and
wealth generation.