5033063

Risk Horizon game is based on how
a corruption affects one's life. I have played game many times and used various
strategies. I have tried to use all three options and came to the conclusion
that, altough there must be a balance,  “protection”
is the most important aspect of a risk management. First, “insurance”
was the priority in my risk management plan. I have bought %75 insurance plan
and neglected information. Alora lived many corrptions because of not having
enough information. Insurance  helped me to
build up all pods of Alora with smaller amounts. When game was over, I had
enough  “wealth” in order to build everything
in Alora but had not enough time. That points a very important point: “Recovery
time after a corruption”  must be taken
into account for a risk management plan. is a very important  issue for a risk management plan. Once, I tried
to build only one “pod” and upgrade only this pod till the end of upgrade
process.  It was another approach for me.
I can explain this approach briefly as written below: “Amount of pods I have
built must be equal to the amount pods I can protect”. This was also an
unsuccesful strategy, because I could not develop Alora properly in a given
time. I have used insurance and information. I have identified the importance
of information in order to lower the effects of risk with especially minigame
after the corruption. I have collected many information bars and had
nearly  twenty second for many game but I
did nothing in minigame. This made me to come to another conclusion: Informations
about risks are placed in every where and every time but noboady want to
develeop a project  according to the
information that can be found in every report related with risk. So this is an
another important point for me. Last time, I
have tried to use all three of the options. I have decided to make “protection”
key factor of my  risk management plan. “Protection”
levels war equal to the severity levels. 
None of the pods are corrupted by meteor’s collapsion. “Minimum amaount
of damage” is the.  main aim of a risk
plan. Although it seems the most powerfull strategy, “protection” means more
costs.  I also used information in order
to upgrade protection levels. In real life experience, we have to compare the
cost of protection and  recovery both in
time and wealth. I could not
compare the cost of protection and recovery process in this game.  In order to better represent the risk
management total cost of all pods must be shown in a separate box. 









“Deleting some
of the items” also is not allowed in the game. After all corruptions, I had to
recover all pods. In real life expreinces, there may be some pods that we don’t
want to repair after a corruption.  