5037844

What was the role of risk management in the game?
What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 

What I felt through the game is to make
balance against risk management.

The role of risk management in the game is
check whole things (level of meteors attack, 

Appropriately insurance against situations, developing
island, recovering pods after damages, spending dollars in the game situation
2:30 and so on)

First of all, I chose the lowest insurance.
Because I wanted to build many pods on the island as soon as possible.  Then I began to build pods over the island.

I clicked lever to raise the island while
pods were built. Sometimes I checked meteor level.

But this method didn’t work.

I just kept this method for a while. So I
just got level 2 at maximum. I didn’t realize why it didn’t work at all. I spent
a lot of time until I realized this was a wrong method.

I tried to change method. First of all I set
the higher insurance. because I didn’t lift up island as protection. Then I
began to build pods little by little on the island checking the green bar’s velocity.
When meteors were in the sky. I researched level of those.

I just focused on lift up the island during
under construction of pods for protection.

After I got next stage. I set the middle
insurance. Because the island was already lifted up more than level 1. I
continued developing the island checking meteors and lifting up the island.
After I got the next stage. I set the lower insurance because the island was
already enough to protect against tsunami damage. I just focus on developing the
island and checking meteors level.

If you played the game only once, what would you
do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the
game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

If I played the game only once. I would just focus on
developing the island without risk management. If I played the game several
times. I would focus on preparation to develop the island with risk management.


What I learnt main thing through this game is that if I want
to develop the island.

It needs to be preparation, research anything, appropriately
insurance.

In shortly, what is the best goal? And what is the best
action to get successful.

 I think that main
thing through this game is total vision for the goal.

The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

I have experience mega earthquake in Japan. 

So I propose that people keep water as much as possible.

I think that it is very important for people to keep on
living with energy.

If people can get energy, people will develop the islands,
towns, and countries

I want to add providing water more smooth after
disaster attacks. .