5042003

The most important aspect was that it is better to be safe than sorry. It was impossible to win the game without risk management. At least 2 meteors impacts were in all levels. Moreover, some of them could cause serious impact on the village growth and would cost a lot of money to repair. That money would then not be available to pick up growth after the crisis. The role of risk management in the game had several trade offs. More time spent to investigate the meteors, more time one got to connect and prepare the houses in a case of a crash and flood. However, more time exploring, less time to build protection. On the other hand, protection building slowed growth, took long time and money, but was worth it when enough protection was available in a case of a crash and flood. Insurance were expensive, but efficient regarding supporting growth. Especially, when a big impact and likely to crash meteors were on their ways.The strategy that worked best for my was to build a few buildings and update them as soon as possible. Then I added new housing projects as resources allowed. In the early stages, I was active creating protection to level 60-70%, then I was active exploring meteors to see the severity/likelihood ratio. Of all the risk management tools, protection building was the most important. Then I balanced buying expensive insurance or increase protection about 20% levels above the severity of the meteor. Insurance are more important in the upper levels as one needs to be very focused on growth and cannot spend all the time on building protection. The value of the insurance depended on my cash status. When I had a lot of cash available in the bank, I usually did not purchase the most expensive insurance, especially in the early stages. However, in the case of a high impact meteor was coming, then I did buy the most expensive insurance. You needed to buy new one after each level and they got more expensive with more updated houses. Unfortunately, the price did not go down with more protection. My biggest learning from this game was to find the balance between the different risk management options with learning and exploring the meteors. Moreover, managing risk and building protections all the time you have available from supporting growth.It would improve the game to have more risk factors, like food shortage or water pollution. Moreover, it would be interesting to be able to create alliance with some neighbor to get more systematic risk into the game.