5046019

Risk in this game was all about taking decisions on imperfect information, whilst trying to transfer risks through insurances and trying to construct extra protection. This is of course the reality we all face and I think a multi-polar risk conundrum that is difficult to get across in an online computer-based game. I only managed to reach Level 5 even after running through the tutorial which was of some basic assistance.I found I became quite fixated on taking the risk of developing the community as rapidly as possible whilst developing protection (i.e. height) as fast I could; and then tried to look for the worst adverse event as quickly as I could. So insurance tended to be an afterthought although post event networks became pretty important. The trouble is I feel the speed of potentially adverse event made it hard to genuinely to do the requisite 'horizon scanning', I found the development stall as I tried to prepare defenses. I am not convinced I would have played the game differently and although I only made it to Level 5, I found the game was a bit two dimensional so I cannot say I learnt much beyond the fact that risk management is multi-dimensional and each risk treatment or transfer comes with pros and cons. I did struggle a bit trying to refocus quickly after a high-impact event. The game is a little simplistic and in an attempt to keep the scenario simple and non-specific I think we may have lost some 'tunability'. If I were permitted to improve the game I would look for a game that could be played as an 'app' and use more realistic scene selection. Perhaps consider extreme events that better match community players - so earthquake, extreme weather, tsunami, etc. I would also consider a paper-based exercise that are not web-enabled but need to understand could genuinely appeal to players that are at community-level in developing nations. Certainly in the UK electronic games like this could be introduced in secondary school geography courses - educating the next generations is going to be critical.I do worry that the scenario development for a wider audience needs careful thought I am not too sure that asteroid attacks is that appealing or accessible as a concept. So in a desire to make the game simple to use in terms of illustrating risk mitigation strategies, the game designers may have cut back on it broader appeal and utility.