5081659

The Game is very entertaining as we learn how to use the resources judicially. I learnt that time is also the resource. I used time as a tool in which we can use other resources available in a given period. The cost factor too is very interesting as cost is required to develop pods, protecting, upgrading, purchasing insurance etc.  Risk Management is required to save our community and dividing the fund we have for development and managing risk.One needs to think strategically in order to really do well in the game.one needs to think about the balance between preparing for risk and investing in developing your community; but also about the different tools you have at your disposal and the balance between these.  In first time, it’s difficult to understand game fully. Protection use was unknown and now I combine all the factors such as protection, insurance and community building. The balance between risk preparation and developing your community is difficult to reach in game and reality. If I spend too much on building and upgrading pods, I was exposed to comets when they hit. When I sustained damage from comets your progress bar on the left is decreased. On the other hand, if I spend too much on preparation for risk, I will not have enough money to develop community sufficiently to pass the different levels.This is a balance I had to consider all the time. I have limited resources, so there is a decision making between spending up front on risk management (for shocks that may hit in the future, but may not hit) or to spend on other development priorities. How should one spend his/her money is important.One important thing to analyze is that there is an element of strategic thinking but one has controllable and uncontrollable.  Controllable in terms of pods built, insurance expenses and protection purchase.   You do not have control over the frequency of the comets, the possibility of being hit and most important the severity of the comets.  It is the severity of the damage that destroys one’s chances of passing the levels.  There is nothing one can do about it especially if one sustains 2 major damages in a row.  After playing several games and watching through the tutorials, one gets real time experience as to what one must do in order to prevent damages. I myself was too involved in the game as if it was my own community and I was doing all hard to recover from the damages and prevent the damages. But, the time and resources i.e funds are always limited and one has to work accordingly. Although, the game is near perfect but I would love to add some guidance or hints in starting so as to make it user friendly and will be useful for some who don’t go through he tutorial. Also, when comet hit in the last minute it was difficult to come back in the game. That may be removed so that levels could be crossed easily.Thanks for a great game. 