5094993

What
 was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?AnswerIn game we have to protect our created development (pod)  against the risk i.e. waves etc. we have to  to raise our island for protection. we have to protect with the severity of the comet from being damaged. we donot much have to lift island , 
the more lift  this costs more power . 
				The
 game management is  good example of risk management.Against risk it needs  knowledge, protection, 
and insurance.By obtaining insurance, pods damaged from flooding will be  cheaper to rebuild. 
					Insurance also recovers lost development and time. 

					 Look out into space and learn the chance of the comet 
hitting.If
 you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?AnswerI have played game 3 times what I understand that we keep raising our Island  to make more score and donot do devlopment at centre  it can be risky. Keep  Raise our level of development on pod for going to upper level of game.If we  raise our island it can be protection from risk (comment hitting damage). From game I learned that how to manage our risk.The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?AnswerI think that 
 game give opportunity to risk management but It do not give much variety of option to chose  of risk management .If I have to add some risk management then I give choice to player if that he  want to protect from wave or comment attack then chose different kind of insurance in advance to protect his development .Then he can  more applied his mind  for game .It can be checked his  more management  skill in game and risk protection in game .