5116277

The risk horizon game is a very interesting exercise to ilustrate the idea of risk management. It uses a simplified society, with one main "risk", in order to ilustrate some of the main concepts introduced in the first units. In this example, there is a society of pods, whose main risk are the comets which often fall over the surface of the place. In order to manage such risk, we are supposed to administrate our resources by dividing them into protection initiatives, insurance and research. Meanwhile, society as a whole is also supposed to be developed, without being hampered by the comets.The game ilustrates the many trade-offs involved in risk management. In a circumstance of scarce (financial and time) resources, we are supposed to distribute them between the various tools of risk management. That distribution must be done in a well informed manner, and research plays a very important role in this process. The more you research, more precise will be your knowledge on the coming risk, and more able you will be to prepare for it and adapt your protection tools. Besides, a more developed society is more resilient to shocks, which means that its losses from risk will be smaller and more easily mitigated. Insurance also plays an important role: while it may seem like a very big expenditure for an uncertain risk, the prevented costs usually compensate - and the level of insurance needed in a society must also be informed by the level of risk it faces.I had to play the game many times before I was able to win level 4, and I believe the most important change for me was to realize the importance of research, and of adapting protection tools to the knowledge I obtained. I believe this is also an important lesson for dealing with actual risks, since even well-intentioned initiatives may have their results spoiled by lack of proper information.Therefore, I believe this was a very clarifying exercise, by allowing us to think in a more concrete manner of how these different tools can be used for managing risks to prevent losses. However, I wish I had seen in the exercise also an ilustration of the other goal of risk management: its ability to turn risks into opportunities. I understand that in the case of natural disasters such as the one ilustrated in the game, shocks are more clearly connected to potential losses than to potential opportunities; but I would like to have seen the other face of risk exposed in the game as well.