5116741

REFLECTIONS ON GAME

The role of risk management in
the game was not any different from what it is in real life i.e. to minimize
the damage to existing development and continue pursuing development with the
limited resources at our disposal in the face of impending natural calamities (e.g.
cyclones, earthquakes, draughts, tsunamis) and other disasters like world
financial meltdown, nuclear disaster, war related migrations and evacuations
etc. These real life phenomena have been represented by striking comets in the
game.

In terms of knowledge, protection
and insurance the choices to be made were getting information through research
regarding the probability and severity of a disaster (as in case of game, the chances
of a comet hitting the island and thus destroying the development with varying
degrees of severity occurring, moving the island to a safer height and buying
insurance so that the resources are not fully depleted in reconstruction and
something is saved for further development). Ultimately comparing the
cost-effectiveness of preparing for risk with that of coping with its consequences
is an important trade- off. Preparation for risk becomes more important once
some development has been achieved in order to protect that development and
progress further. Otherwise if we don’t prepare for predicted risk we may lose
whatever development we have achieved so far, then going back to zero will make
it very difficult to cope with.

I played the game a couple of
times trying to utilize the limited resources for development by calculating
risks, setting priorities and making choices. I don’t think there are different
ways to do it. Only thing I feel is that I was not very focused and the game
factor i.e. the time is running-out thing didn’t let me do it calmly and focus
on the real components of risk management.

No doubt, the game captures in a
very simplified way the four components of risk management i.e. knowledge, protection,
insurance and coping, but I feel the time horizon component in real life
problems is different. From research we try to predict when a disaster is
likely to occur along with its severity and probability of occurring. That
avoids any panicking to creep in the risk management system on this account. Once
we know the amount of time we have for preparation against an impending
disaster along with the knowledge of resources for preparation it is easy to do
it more calmly. So I would add in the knowledge component that when a comet is
likely to strike along with the given components of severity and probability to
make it more close to a real situation.

R.S.GOYAL