5124670

While used to playing computer games at the beggining I did not consider this game as a part of tuttoring and I failed to pinpoint the risk management part, I just followed my experience in games that I have. In the second replay I started to thinking the ideas from the videos and how closely were related to the game. I was starting to think the techniques for identification, assessment, and prioritization of the risk even in this simple form of knowledge, protection and insurance. In the game I had to make decisions with these limited dollar resources in order to protect my "town" from the imminent threats and even take up some risks to help me co up better in the next level. From the start of the game is obvious that is imposible to invest in all three options and if you try to invest in all you will get stucked in the midle by having no clear strategy and you wont be able to move forward. Sometimes you had to ignore one or even two of the strategies with the hope that only one will be adequate to make through. Also sometimes I was forced not to upgrade my buildings in orfer to buy insurance because a theat of the comet crush was huge, so this possibility delayed my development.

As I mentioned before I played the game two times. The first time I made a big mistake in trying to invest in all three. A really bad option with the limited resources, which it neither allow me to upgrade my buildings (knowledge) nor provide me adequate protection and I was forced to move on and buy insurance. The first round was a failure from which I was able to learn that we can not protect everything as I was imagined before the class even in an oversimplistic "town" but we have to prioritize the dangers and face them one by one. We need to have a clear strategy and invest in one, otherwise we will make "a whole in the water".

Regarding the change that we have to add I would definetly choose the human element, because the way people think and act many times force leaders to alter or even change completly their strategy even it is the correct one and overall will be the most benefitial for the community. The impresions that people hold and their reactions have made current states different from each other even if they had really close mind sets.