5124578

GAME REFLECTON  (codes: dwSEUBp, RXHvGPk, E258QGt, JZf3EFB,
RXHvGPK, CJKP7XZ)

Let me begin my reflection with the revelation that, at 65,
I am totally illiterate in the gaming world. It is against this background that
I played the game, not knowing what I was actually doing, even though I
reviewed the ‘How to Play’ menu on the RISK HORIZON game. The choices I made in
the game put a premium on high level of protection (79%-99%) and high insurance
coverage (75% for $175); with the object of minimizing the risk of impact
damage by the comet.

However, this ‘ignorance’ of the technicality of the Risk
Horizon game, provided the cornerstone for what I learned from the game. First,
it gave me a deeper appreciation and contextual applications of the key elements
of risk management strategy (Knowledge, Protection, and Insurance) in a
developing environment- Nigeria. The second thing I learned is that in managing
risks in developing countries like Nigeria, “action trumps everything”. Despite
my lack of expert knowledge of playing the Risk Horizon game, the mere fact of
my doing something- taking action such as increasing or decreasing levels of
protection or insurance coverage resulted in severity or no impact damage by the
comet.

Managing Risk in
Practice: Lessons that I learned from the game, applied in three real-life
events.

One: Knowledge.
The devastating effects of frequent power failures (‘shocks’) on the economic
landscape of Nigeria can sometimes be compared to the aftermath of a natural
disaster. The national development actions taken to mitigate this, has been a
short-term, and long-term power infrastructure management response, some of
which include building strategic power plants, privatizing a segment of the
power sector, reforming, and strengthening the regulatory commission on
electricity.

Two: Protection.  Unusual heavy rains, during rainy seasons,
cause wide spread flooding along the River Niger and the River Benue, resulting
in loss of farmlands, food crops, and increase in food prices. The risk
reduction action taken by Nigeria was a permanent agreement with neighboring
country, Cameroon, to control the water release from Cameroon’s Lagdo Dam built
upstream on the River Benue.  This case
also illustrates what can happen when the flood risk reduction plan has no
backup plan. During the 2012 rainy season, there was massive flooding in Locoja
(at the confluence of the River Niger and Benue, in Nigeria), because Cameroon failed
to control water release from Lagdo Dam.

Three: Insurance.
 A sort of insurance action taken by the
federal government in Nigeria is a program titled ‘SURE-P’. The Subsidy
Reinvestment Fund is derived from huge savings (billions of naira) from the
partial removal of petroleum subsidy. What this mean for development purposes
is that money is transferred from subsidizing the price that consumers pay for
petrol, to fund six other national development projects. One of these national
priorities is to address the looming crises from millions of restive and
unemployed youth. This new resource allocation provides internship/job
placement, career/vocational training, and self-employment. So the Risk Horizon
game is instructive, in managing the three-fold risk chain of massive power
shortage, devastating river flooding, and youth unemployment crisis – a lesson
in constantly balancing act with no crystal ball.

Tasked with developing a new version of the Risk Horizon
game, I would add five risk management case examples from five different
regions of the world, and blend visual and audio elements in the game.