5143395

According to the World Development Report 2014 "risk management is the process that involves confronting risks, preparing for them (ex ante risk management) and coping with their effects (ex post risk management). Thus, the role of risk management in the game is to minimize loss which is derived from risks and maximize gains which are found in opportunities. The preparation for risks required the application of knowledge, protection and insurance. Depending on the situation, these three measures may be applied collectively or individually. Moreover, whilst playing the game the tendency was to negate protection and adequate insurance with a  preference to knowledge; since this measure would have allowed the player to gain pertinent information on the pending risks. The knowledge gained allowed the player to concentrate on protection by raising the community barrier and purchase appropriate insurance. It should be noted that additional information guided the player on the level of protection that was absolutely necessary;  hence, there was no need to increase your protection beyond a particular level. Emphasis therefore, was placed on adequate insurance, but more importantly, gaining knowledge on the pending risks. Generally preparation for risk positively affects development immediately or sometime after disaster struck. However the level of impact was highly correlated to the type of mitigating measure that was applied. For example, if the player had invested all of his money on his pods, bought minimum insurance and invested zero dollar in knowledge and protection he would have been negatively affected by a disaster. For positive impact to be felt there ought to be the careful application of mitigating measures. Notwithstanding the player inability to pass level two, the game was played more than once. Obviously it was necessary to make huge investment in knowledge. The information gained guided the player on the level of investment that was needed for insurance and protection. Additionally, it was not wise to buy insurance immediately after a disaster, since the emphasis should be on recovery and development. The game though realistic will be better if it replicates prevalent risks such as hurricane, flooding, drought, financial crisis among others. The frequency of the risk must be realistic also as well as the application of the mitigating measures. I proposed therefore, that amendments  should focus mainly on risks that are common in developing countries since they are more vulnerable and have a lower level of risk management. Notwithstanding the player's comment the game was informative and interested.