5166990

Hi, I am Heung Mo from Korea. I interestingly confess that at first I couldn't understand the rules of the simulation game due to my lacks of English proficiency and experience of computerlized game. I thought I had no chance but quit this course feeling devasted on Sunday afternoon.  I cheered  myself up again on Momday to challenge the game again and did win a few levels of the game. As I played the game, I began realizing the roles of risk management in the game. I think the major role of risk management is to first watch out the risk coming and to analyize the fast moving risk throughly to prepare for the some protection measures so as to minimize the negative impact of the risk. After investigating the characters of the approaching risk, I started thinking about the best possible options of what to do to protect the village from the impact. I should decide wheather a severity of the risk or the chance of the hitting is considered first to make a plan for the coming risks. I thought I should give higher priority to the severity of the risk because the more sever the bad impact of the risk is the the more damage the risk create though the chance are rare. I could not trade off knowledge and protection for insurance only because we could leastly depend upon the insurance if we would have enough knowledge and protection tools for the risk at hand.  I believe the preparation for risk can affect the development instanly because we can predict the damage the risk may incur under the worst situation if we can fully prepare for the risk. I can definitely say a stich in time saves nien whileconsidering risk management. I I were given a chance to play the game only once and give another chance later, I would do research the risk and look back the history of the risk over a long period of the risk in order to effectively foresee the next risk and than prepare for it more profoundly. When it came to playing the game again, I would do read the instructions more carefully not to mess myself up and would not start playing the game immediately but to do some mental rehersal about what if things for example, What would I do if the severity of the risk is high? Literally I would make some plan in advance. If I were given an opportunity deveolp a game, I would add a few factors that might influence the severity of the risk and speed so as to make the game more complex because so many factors could create so many different types of risks. I also put some variables into the game to make humane prediction more difficult so that people should invest on preparation works rather than rebuilding the community after the risk'd hit the village. 