5168748

1

The game is about real time management of several resources mainly: time
and budget while being exposed to risk.  Risk management enabled to continue cope with
damages which occur randomly and cause different level of damage between 10 to
40 percent. 

After studying the game behavior I learned the following facts; the cost
of development required to move to the next level was 1850$. The level of average
damage was about 40% which is 740$. Construction of a pod was 10 seconds and
repair time of a pod approximately 8 seconds so, if we assume in a random game
two successive hits with damage the minimum required time to complete the
mission is 2* 10sec/pod * 5pod + 5pod* 8sec/pod = 150  seconds
 which is the duration of the game. The
cost of protection in terms of money is relatively low 1$/sec. and 16 seconds
to achieve 10 % of protection which means a slow response.

This knowledge has led to the following conclusions:

·        
The insurance is essential
and since the cost of it is acceptable it is worth to buy the best insurance possible
(75%)  and keep a budget reserve of 175$
and to repair damages as fast as possible in case of a meteor hit. This action
can be started after the first two pods are built.

·        
In order to complete the
construction of the pods as soon as possible a large initial budget is
necessary so it would be better to wait for some time and then start the
building task.

·        
The preparation for risk
include: research and protection as I mentioned before these are mostly time
consuming activities the time should be split between them. How to divide the time
between these two will depend upon the severity of the specific threat. 

Because the response of the protection system is relatively slow and the
cost is acceptable it is preferable to activate the protection system while the
budget is accumulated and then to initiate the development process since they
can work in parallel.

2 

I have played the game several times, the first were intuitive and it
took me several attempts to move to the second level. After I have studied
closely the behavior of the game and implement the knowledge I can move to the
second level after the first or second attempt.

Still under some circumstances and in spite of the implementation of the
risk management policies the damage is unavoidable and not all risk may be
avoided.

Finally in spite of all my insights I didn't succeed to move beyond the
second level. I don’t know if it is was because of bad strategy, my poor playing
ability or a computer which doesn't meet the game requirements or some combination of all of them.

3

Currently we are under missiles attack from Gaza strip.  Surrounded by alarms, and booms form missile
interception or missile hits. The original meteors can be replaced by missiles
and instead of raising the island, the protection will be the activation of a
missile protection system unfortunately this is the sad situation we live in. 

