5195471

As the Luminator of Alora, I used risk management to find a
balance between developing Alora and preparing for the potential shocks, which
were caused by falling comets.  The
nature of the risk, however, was uncertain, so I could not design a set policy
to manage the risk.  Instead, I
focused on knowledge and preparation to cope with the natural risk – waves
caused when comets hit.

Knowledge of each comet was gained via research. Research
provided information concerning the severity and chance of a hit. The severity
and chance of a comet hitting lessened the more time that I spent on
research.  This helped to some
degree but was not a certainty. 
Sometimes the research took too long and I could not prevent the hit.

Research provided the information necessary to decide which
risks should be taken.  If the
chance of a hit was zero to one filled in notch or the severity of a hit was zero to one filled in notch, I spent time building and updating the pods instead of continuing
with research.  Research aided in determining the answers to some questions:  How much damage will this comet cause?  When will the comet hit?  Do
I have time to raise the island?  

Research, however, did not completely abate the uncertainty
of risk.  What type of damage will
I have – 6% or 57%?  And the size of
the damage directly impacted my ability to grow.                                                                        Time was also a salient factor. 
It took time to build pods.  Building and updating pods was expensive.  So, if I bought insurance, I had less money  to build or update.  If I raised the island, it depleted funds for building or updating.  Which do I do
first?  I had to make swift decisions about the use of my resources.  Research sometimes helped
me to make those decisions.  But decisions had to be made quickly.  The situation was not static: the availability of funds, the location of the comet, or the severity was
always changing.

By my third game, in order to cope with damage caused by a hit, I always
purchased insurance.  This helped
greatly as the cost to repair a pod was extremely high without insurance.  I also had to balance development
with the uncertainty of a shock because a developed pod cost more to repair -
even with insurance. 

I also noted that the game had a bias towards research.  Protection was costly, raising the
community was not necessarily encouraged; it cost you to raise the island while
you gained income from researching.  So, I started to research comets as they appeared and focused less on raising the island.  I sacrificed protection for research.  Access to credit would've provided funds to do both.  In New Jersey, many of the people who suffered from Hurricane Sandy did not have insurance before the disaster or access to credit after the disaster, severely impacting their ability to recover.One change that I would make to the game is the ability to apply for credit.  Access to funds would've changed the outcome for me on several occasions.  Credit would've permitted me to focus more on protection.  The game penalized me for focusing on protection, costing me both money and time.

The game showed me obstacles to risk management: uncertainty and limited access to monetary resources.  It taught me the importance of balancing research with protection costs.  Research is important but funds are necessary to implement your research findings.  Funds are also necessary to respond to and prepare for catastrophic shocks that affect more than 50% of your resources.

 