521680



I
would like to start by saying that Risk is a part of life. It is everywhere. It
plays a very important role in everything we imaging, in everything we
implement. Quite obviously, Risk Management plays an important role in the game
Risk Horizon. In every decision we make in the game, be it in building the pods
or upgrading them or buying the insurance or even in the protection levels,
somehow we calculate the risk associated with it. The game quite brilliantly
demonstrates the key four components of Risk Management in a lucid manner. In
the game, the pods face a single shock which is caused by the falling meteors.
First and foremost, gaining knowledge on the meteors is a prime concern. But
this hinders the development activities. Insuring the pods is the first thing I
did. But when a shock occurred, there was a considerable damage to the pods.
Even though the insurance was paid, it would have been better if the protection
was rigid. 

I
had to forego some development activities when concentrating on Knowledge
component (researching on meteors). But this part of activity helped in coping
with the damage done and thereby reducing the actual overall damage. In the
further levels of the game, it has become a tad difficult task to develop the
pods while focusing on researching, insuring and protecting. But, these
components have helped in sustaining the damage, how big the shock/disaster may
be.

            

As it can be seen from
the image, despite the high severity, good levels of research and protection
helped in reducing the damage drastically to 6%. And Insurance helped to an
extent in rebuilding. At times, the damage was surprisingly 0%. 

            I played the game twice! In my first attempt, I focused
mainly on filling the development bar with building pods, upgrading them and
insuring them. With this strategy, I couldn’t even clear the level 1. When I
played the second time, I balanced on the key components of Risk Management. I
focused not only on developing and upgrading the pods but also on researching
the meteors and protecting the arena. I maintained certain balance among the
activities leading to effective development. 

The main things I
learned from the game are managing risk entails opportunity to growth and
development, balancing the resources plays an important role in Risk
Management. 

            If I were tasked with developing a new version of this
game, firstly, I would say that this game captures the aspects of risk
management in a simple and easy manner and refuse to propose any changes in it,
but it would have been better if the game also displays the death poll of
communities there. Like the damage aspect should be clearer, it should
separately show the death poll and infrastructural damage. Besides this, I
would propose no change to better represent the risk management choices. 

 

            

