5217421


1. The main role was to show the importance of information, protection, insurance and coping. The aspect of knowledge is captured by the research that could be improved. The main element to use as information is the severity of the comet. The chance of impact is less important. The risk changes so chances are, that you fail to anticipate all the comets. Playing the game more often however was necessary to improve the knowledge of the risks and payoffs. So experience leads to more information and better informed decisions. 

There is a tradeoff between buying insurance, protection and production capacity. Only with adequate protection is it possible to maintain a certain level of productivity, meaning that opportunities can only be seized, when risk is managed.  However, as the costs are not always clear, it is difficult to see what choices are most efficient.

In this trade off, my focus was on protection. If protection was in place, there was no need for insurance, although there still would be some damage, even if protection was adequate. Insurance was useful in the beginning, when in some cases there was lack of time to build up protection. Once protection is up, the focus lies on building production capacity. Little could be done with research, or coping. 

2. I played the game more than once. The first thing I changed was to buy protection immediately, instead of buying productive assets. My failure to understand the risk properly led me to focus on the wrong  things: eg productivity, instead of protection. In one case I lost quite a lot. Once protection is in place, it is possible to sustain this level of protection and to start building the community. Moreover there is a higher probability to recover in case protection is bought early in the game. If  protection is bought at a later stage, it is impossible to return to the green signal. However, the reason is not always clear. Is this because of too much protection, or too little productive assets..

3. Improve the community building or coping function and make the costs and benefits more explicit. If it is possible to recover better: eg, the cost of repair would be less, the trade off between coping, protection and insurance and productivity would be become more explicit. In the version that is now working it is not possible to see what pays off most. Eg: How much can I earn with productive assets and how much can I loose. What are repair costs if I cope and how much if I insure. These choices are not very explicit.  Another improvement could be related to the function of risk management. Some risks can only be solved using insurance (when there is no protection (perhaps this would be the largest comet, but I did not see one), other risks are better tackled using protection. This element is function is absent. 
