5226905

Risk management played a significant role in the game. The assignment was to protect the fords from the comet rain. In order to be effective on that, we had multiple tools but they had to be used efficiently. The amount invested on research and thus the knowledge about the comet had a negative relationship with the magnitude of the damage caused. Additionally, there were 3 options about insurance for the fords. The higher the percentage the easier was to repair the fords. Finally, the more upgraded the fords were, the less damage they suffer. The lever of preparation was crucial in order to avoid a potential hit or to minimize the damages caused. In my firs attempt to the game, I failed the first level. This was mainly due to the fact that my concentration was more towards creating multiple fords rather that upgrade and protect the existing ones. Also, by the moment I realized what I have to do, there was no time left. The second time I played the game, i followed a different strategy. I decided to built the fords at the inner part of the planet as far away as possible from the comet rain. Additionally, I tried to upgrade them as soon as possible and I also increased the insurance from 50 to 75%. By doing this, the recovery amount of money was lower. Finally, i invested as much as possible on knowledge and this was effective since the more research i made the less likely was the comet to hit the planet, and also it reduced the magnitude of the impact. Overall, the more ready I was, the less damages i had to face. In real rife, there are also choices that need to be made in terms of risk management. For instance, residencies near the sea suffer from floods and damages whenever the sea level exceed the normal. This can be prevented by adding extra measures such as built-up walls or try to understand when the next incidence will be. Risk management is applied in every day life situations because from previous experience we know that the more prepared we are, the less damage we will suffer 