5231103

The role of risk management in the game was to research the risk
of each meteor making impact and the potential damage it would cause. The aim
was to use the information that I had to compare the financial cost of insurance
and the cost in terms of time and finance for protection, while trying to
develop the island enough to progress to the next level.  At the start of the game I would research the
first and second meteor to see the likelihood of impact. If the likelihood was low,
I would sacrifice the cost of insurance and put this money into initial
development and expansion. If the likelihood of impact was high I would invest
in the insurance and if the possible damage was also high I may hold back on
development in order to limit the rebuild cost and expand after the threat had
passed. When time permitted I would try to focus on prevention in order to limit
future damage. I continued to research all the meteors, but gave more time to
those that had a higher likelihood of impact. 

The first time I played the game I tried to focus more on the
research, prevention and would initially buy the highest level of insurance. I
did this at the expense of development which resulted in me not progressing
through the levels. In subsequent attempts I tried harder to balance the risk management
and development. I also used the tools better; responding to the threats
presented and using the tools at appropriate times.

If I was to make a simple change to the game it would be in regards
to the human element of the risk. In order to properly reflect the risk
involved, I believe that the loss of life or detestation to daily life that the
impact of the meteor would have needs to be reflected. This could involve detailing
the deaths or injuries following a meteor strike as well as the damage or this
could involve factoring in the cost of injury rehabilitation and restoring
community links or daily life essentials as an additional cost to the
rebuilding of the properties. This could also involve reducing the loss of life
from one meteor impact to the next or having to have a minimal life loss in
order to progress from one level to the next. I feel that making one of these
changes to the game would add a more of a realistic edge to the risk management
involved. 