5235759

1) M first choice was to raise the level of Alora to have a good protection against the waves. I then started building the pods and upgraded to more solid pods before I finished building all plots. I took an insurance, usually the cheapest and  started researching comets as soon as they appeared. Money put in protection, knowledge and insurance limited my development initially (could not build all plots). Then, I started the upgrade of pods. Unfortunately, with each hit by the comets, I needed to spend on repairing the pods instead of making the community bigger and better accommodated. The impact of repairing after each shock is really important and time-consuming. And while the community is being repaired, less money is being created and less money is available to build protection for the next shock.2) I played the game a few times: the first games were all lost very quickly as I was focusing on:- building as many plots as possible (thinking connecting communities would make a stronger protection)- buying a big insurance that would cover the majority of damages (forgetting that damages, even if they were covered, would still need to be repaired…making the community grow slower)I learnt that buying insurance was less important than building protection. Actually, I realised that building and consolidating (upgrading) the community has a more positive impact than buying insurance to cover the costs of damages.I also understood that researching (comets) is important to get ready in case of shock. However, I am not too clear how efficient researching comets is as I could not measure the Return On Investment in researching the chances of hits and severity. There are no measures on how much money invested in researching comets will make the community better prepared and the shock less severe.3) I believe I would add an element where I would separate Alora in different places: residential, commercial and industrial. Maximum protection would be put on Industrial buildings, then Residential and finally CommercialI would also upgrade buildings to cope with the risks of being flooded by sea-water (I am not sure the upgrade of pods is technical or aesthetical). I would like to have the choice to build properties that have special features to prevent corrosion from salty waters or the choice to have the 2 first storeys of buildings left empty).I would also really make an assessment of the money spent on researching the comets.