5255436

The game was a practical way of implementing what we have learnt over the past 2 weeks. One of the key questions while playing was: how to make this planet more resilient to the comets (negative shocks)?These comets appeared as risks for the development of the planet in the form of natural disasters and our goals as players were: first, to build this resilience through the acquisition of knowledge (which was expanded after using the tutorial and the first trial of the game) with the research option; the acquisition of protection; and finally but not least the acquisition of insurances. And second, to build up Alora's development by increasing our ability to respond to these shocks in a proactive manner.When aiming to reach the development goal, it was critical to build pods that would generate income for the planet. Once these pods were being built, a constant monitoring of the comets was necessary in order to create a strategy and finally act accordingly to the situation. So if a high severity comet was in its way but its chance of hitting was low or none at all, time and resources could be used to enhance protection or upgrade the pods. On the other hand, if a medium or low severity comet had a high chance of hitting, then time and resources should be used to increase research, acquire insurance or enhance protection as long as resources are still available. It was interesting to see that investing both time and resources into enhancing protection resulted in "pausing" development. Hence, one had to compromise either development or protection but coping with the effects was unavoidable. Additionally, the acquisition of insurance whenever the chances of being hit and the severity of the comet were high resulted in obtaining resources lost due to the shock that helped the recovery process.After a 2 attempts I was not able to achieve the highest level of development. If I were to play the game again for the first time I would do the following to try to balance the risk management activities (knowledge, protection, insurance, coping): i) Understanding the environment and resources in the planet Alora through the use of the tutorial, instructions and the interaction of the options available in the game (how does research affect development? how does protection affects development? how does the building of pods affect development?); ii) Investing the first resources in the creation of pods that will provide more incomes to the planet and which could be re-invested in upgrades, protection or insurance; iii) Acquiring protection after the first pods have started generating profits to be able to cope with the coming shocks or comets; iv) Constant monitoring of the coming comets in order to assess whether it is necessary or not to invest on additional protection or a higher insurance; v) In time acting for the acquisition of additional protection when development has reached an acceptable level, resources and time are still available and there is a high risk of being impacted; vi) Investing sufficient time on research when the assessment shows that there is no time or resources for the acquisition of additional protection in order to be able to create a network with the pods and be able to cope with the severity on the imminent impact; vii) Finally, if impacted and damaged, invest resources gained back from insurance for the repairs of the existing pods, upgrade or creation of new pods while continue the monitoring over the next shocks.The game seemed a bit unclear at the beginning. The tutorial didn't provide all the information or a clear preview of the options available in the real game and after a while it seems monotonous. Thus, for further improvements of this version I would suggest to enhance it with additional shocks not only comets but perhaps robbery in the form of an alien invasion (simulating corruption in developing countries).