5274274

The game shows how difficult can be risk
management. Even when there were just three variables given: research,
protection and insurance It was really difficult to be sure which of them should
be improve at each moment in order to achieve our goals. 

I have been able to ascertain that
even if every single effort on enforcing resilience has a positive repercussion
on the development from the begining, not every single strategy is same useful.


Insurance was very useful when impacts
from meteorites were strong. The problem with insurance is that it needs a
permanent investment even when you were not sure if any of the meteorites in
the season would impact or not. That is way my strategy was to combine it with
some research (just taking it in case of a high probability of impact). That
made me think of the immediacy of result of some measures (insurance) in
comparison with research and protection that took time to generate results in
terms of protection.

I had to play the game three times
in order to achieve level three. Each time I used a different strategy so I
could see what was the most efficient way for an effective protection. I realized
that the key was a “relative equilibrium” of the three variables on a hand and adaptability
on the other (for example taking the insurance just in case it was strictly
necessary and saving some money just in case of new waves of strong meteorites).
 

                Also,
I have found the game difficult enough to make me understand the frustration
you may feel when you try harder and harder and nature still strike you. It happened
to me twice when I was in level three, that when I had already achieve the goal
and when there was little time left to react, a strong meteorite came over to
destroy everything again…

If I have to develop a new version of the game I
would introduce more than one risk. If we think of some real cases of risk
management, normally there is a bunch of different risks to face. The most of
the victims from a natural disaster occurs in countries which have some other
major risks to confront: Haiti had a history of political instability and
permanent risk of civil war before the earthquake; Indeed, It seems that the
most of the major risks come normally not from natural disaster but from human bad
behaviors: Civil wars, religious wars, war by proxy of the strongest nations of
the planet, an international trade system that cause hunger in the third world,
etc… In my opinion those risk should be represented at the major ones with the
game (and not something as improbably as it is a meteorite strike)