5285493

Risk is defined as the possibility of risk. It is the diversion from the expected. For anyone to effectively manage it, there has to be a trade-off between protection, research and insurance. None of these methods can work in isolation. All risks have to be researched and identified and then prioritized according to the probability of occurrence and severity of impact. Preparation of risk affected development in that I could not start managing risk before starting any development as there is no risk. However, after development, I spread out my developments so that there is no systematic risk as well as put up few developments that I could sufficiently cover using the insurance. However, for the developments that were hit and damaged, it required additional resources to restore them to the position there were in before. This also affected the level of protection to the whole development. Where there was damage to the pods, the protection that I had accumulated reduced making the developments more vulnerable even after putting in resources to protect them. However, there more developments I put up, the better it was to cope with the risks as the cluster would enable collective coping mechanism to any risk encountered.
I played the game more than once and therefore I was able to learn that there needs to be a tradeoff between knowledge, protection and insurance for effective risk management. Moreover, for each aspect of risk management, I need to have adequate resources not only for development, but also for employment of effective risk management strategies. Moreover, different risks have to be handled differently as they come with different levels of impact and severity. Prioritization has to be done so as not to concentrate resources on a risk that although had a high level of severity, the probability of occurrence was very low while putting little effort in management of a risk whose level of severity was low but the probability of occurrence was very high.
I would change management of risk through protection. In the game, the level of protection can only be increased but not reduced by an individual. This is because, in cases here there is no need of a lot of protection, and resources can be diverted from there to insurance or knowledge. This is so that, there are no resources that are underutilized which could have been properly utilized to manage the risks.

