5289083

Delia Didier-Nicholas

Reflections from the Risk Horizon Game


As the Luminator of
Alora, I was given a task to develop the community in the world of Alora by building and upgrading pods while
meeting certain milestones along the way (please note that each pod helps to increase the rate of development). The milestones were achieved by building
and upgrading pods which were designed to increase the rate of development. There
were obstacles such as  falling comets
which careen into the water and cause waves that hinder development. Thus  risk management was employed in the game to
provide resilience during community development. The risk management strategy employed focused on knowledge referred to as Research, Protection and Insurance.  Research was obtained  to observe every comet in space to learn the possibility of the comet hitting, the time the respective comet took until impact, and the severity of the comet.By clicking on a comet and keeping it's box focused on the screen one accumulated research ( wealth). Protection was obtained by raising the community to prevent the pods from damage caused by waves. Insurance recovered lost development time after the pods were repaired. Also, the purchased of insurance enabled  quick and cheaper repair of the pods from floods thus allowing the loss of wealth. Insurance and protection were purchase.

In building the
development I commenced building  and
upgrading all the pods, and used the available protection to secure the
community from the waves.
To develop the community and manage the proposed shocks I had to share the
wealth between building and protecting the community, accumulating research by observing
every visible comet to be knowledgeable of the chance of the comet hitting, the
time until impact, and the severity of the  respective comet. Throughout the game I accumulated
 tremendous  research and also lost wealth in the purchase
of protection and insurance plans. It was challenging maintaining a balance between growing the community and the external shocks. Preparation for risk protected the
development sometimes throughout the game because the falling comets caused some damage to the pods at different stages
of the game. After playing the game more than once I discovered that a strategy had
to be developed to deal with external shocks, tremendous timely
attention, assertiveness and balancing my wealth and community development  against the shocks were important in the execution of research, protection and
insurance throughout the game. In addition, it was important to obtain community insurance, focus on the comet until it fell. It should be noted that when I focused on research wealth was acquired. 

The game taught me that risk management is extremely
important, and every aspect of risk management  preparation and coping must be executed in
order to be resilient. Also, knowledge, protection and insurance are important ingredient in risk management.. If I had to develop a new version of the game I would in-cooperate
a monitoring system for example a  comet tracking
device . With regards to the place I live, the change I  would  propose for effective time and realistic risk
management are as follows:

Simple soft risk management instruments for example: risk
based insurance premium, monitoring systems for the respective external shock,
continuous communication campaign relating to the risk management etc.

 

