5305946

I played the game 8 times and each time I got a little better but still could never win level 5.It seemed like each level of the game had a certain variable that was it's focus and effected your score the most if you increased your use of it. It seemed knowledge was the best way to increase your amount of monetary reserves and at the same time saving further development of the pods until there were only low risk comets in the atmosphere. Also you should not over buy insurance. At the lower levels it seemed you only needed the second level of insurance until the higher risk comets came and you developed your pods more then you needed the third level of insurance. I think that one issue that the game did not capture and an issue I have frequently confronted when I have been involved in risk management decisions in the New York City area is that certain areas and certain populations are more vulnerable to natural disasters than others and often when you only have a certain amount of money to allocate to all areas of the City you need to prioritize.Generally, the low lying areas (more prone to flooding) and also the poor, elderly or disabled are where resources are most needed. I think the game treated all the developments as though they all had the same risk even though some were closer to the water's edge than others and in that instance you might expect those properties to be more vulnerable.You also need to somehow be able to evaluate which actions will have the most impact and that may have been what was missing in the game. For instance, if had taken my pods to the next level of development as soon as I had enough money, would that have sped my rate of return on my investment and then maybe I would have been able to be better protected? Or if I had distributed flyers to all the residents of Allora about how to prepare for disasters (preparation at their own expense to some extent) and where to evacuate to in the event a disaster hits should that have raised to score as well? Communication is often an inexpensive form of risk mitigation that cities can undertake and I think it would have been helpful if the game focused on that aspect a little more. For instance, many neighborhoods and cities in the New York region have distributed flyers that describe what type of things people need to have on hand in order to be prepared for a natural disaster and also communicated the cities' central emergency centers' locations and where to register with the fire department in the event you need assistance in evacuation which the fire department has said has been an enormous help. Overall I think it was helpful in getting the general concepts of risk management across (preparation, protection and insurance) but I would have like to have seen the repercussions of my decisions in more detail and more clearly. I think the ideas relating to prioritization and communication in relation to risk management would have been helpful to see in more detail.