5311075

The role of risk management in this game was to provide a framework for decision-making in the context of insurance choices, limited funds to spend on protection options, and the ever-changing information available to base decisions on.  Balancing the options and choices based on researching the comet severity and probability of damage was the core skill to be developed by a player.  Development of the housing on the island was needed in order to accumulate funds, so spending on houses was a requirement.  But just building with no additional measures was doomed to failure.This is because comet strikes would destroy the housing and waste a high percentage of the money invested.  By holding back on the housing development and buying one of the three levels of insurance, one could recover faster from any damage to those developments and expand later.In addition, one could research comets as they entered the picture and develop a general sense of the probability of a strike and the degree of damage severity expected from that strike.  Even if the research was only approximate, it did provide some information to base decisions on, such as to raise the island temporarily or buy more insurance in the future.  All choices involved trade-offs: raising the island cost money, buying more expensive insurance cost more money, improving the housing structures with upgrades cost money, but not all comets were worth the costly preparations.  Not building or doing any protection at all were choices in themselves, but led to poor results (uncompensated disaster and loss).This led me after playing the first time to more seriously consider insurance at the highest level, even if this later seemed extreme and unnecessary for some comet strikes.  I learned very quickly that building too much at the beginning was probably not needed and that a slow development was better, because I was able to spend funds on insurance protection, upgrades to building, and raising the island.In addition, I learned that raising the island was not very effective in protecting from damage.  Further, it was unclear that the occasionally lighted-up buildings, which then could be linked in "community" protection," contributed much to protection.  These weaknesses are built-in settings to the game and must reflect the assumptions that insurance is better, researching is important (even if incomplete information), and that other forms are of lesser effectiveness.One additional feature I would add if redesigning the game would be to represent material damages versus people damages.  People are more important than buildings and development, yet they somehow do not show up in the game.  It is assumed that more development and stronger buildings are the goal, yet people are not always in buildings.  They go outside to work and play.  People build the structures and create the value, yet the game is silent on what truly underpins development.  It is the people who evaluate the risk management and are the ones whose core skills are to be developed here.