5327154

1. The risk game involved the building and protecting
of an Island from comets which seek to destroy the pods on the planet (a
systemic risk). Risk management played a very crucial role in this game. Risk management
is the process of confronting risks, preparing for them, and coping with their
effects. In order to protect the Island from the comets, it was imperative that
adequate risk management procedures were put in place. In order to protect the
island from the comets, there were three key risk management tools available on
the game.

·       
Research- gaining knowledge about the
comets was important. The acquisition of this knowledge reduced the severity of
the attacks. It could be inferred that with the more knowledge of a risk, we
have better tools to either prevent them from occurring or mitigate the effects
when they do. The more time spent on research also helped reduce the damage
caused by the comet as I was able to receive more time to create community
connections which helped boost my protection.

·       
Protection- protecting the island
from the waves was very important. When the comet hit the protection available
helped prevent damage to the pods, which in turn saved a lot of money which
would have been spent on repairs.

·       
Insurance- by obtaining insurance I was
able to save money and time. The insurance purchased ensured that the pods
damaged from flooding were quicker and cheaper to rebuild. It also ensured that
development time lost was recovered after the pods were repaired.

The three risk management tools were all important, but I discovered
that research served me best in the protection of the Island. I spent more time
on research than on increasing my protection level. I spent time on research
while the community kept accumulating enough money which aided in its
development.

The preparation for the risk affected the development of the community
immediately. Through research community connections were made and this
immediately helped reduce the damage of the disaster on the community. The severity
of the disaster was also reduced through research. The insurance purchased
helped save some money, and the protection of the pod reduced the damage on the
pods. 

2.I played the game more than once, and I discovered
that the choice of risk management tool used had a huge impact on the outcome
of the game. All risk management tools available were very necessary. However I
discovered that the use of research was the most effective to the overall
protection of the Island.

The second time I played the game, I spent more
time on research than on protection, and this made all the difference.

3. In order to make the game better and more
reflective of the risk management choices where I live, I would suggest a
change to the means of protection. The elevation of the island is a good
strategy, but in developing countries this is not yet an available option. It will
take several years for this to be achieved. It would be more feasible to build
a sea wall, which would push the water back and prevent it from entering the
island.

 