5330648



There are two major functions
that risk management has in this game. One of them is to enhance the resilience
in face of the adverse events; another one is to be prosperous though the pursuit
of the opportunity. According to the three strategies to prepare for the coming
adverse risk, the player should trade-off them for achieving the high level in
the game of risk horizon. The strategy of knowledge could provide the
information of the degree of adverse effect and occurring opportunity, which is
helpful for the player to make a decision about whether the building investment
or protection investment. The strategy of protection plays a significant role
in the game, which is a method of avoiding the loss in advance. The last
strategy of insurance could help the player to recover the loss quickly and
less costly when the adverse event happened. On the other hand, all of the
three strategies would cost the resource. Especially, the protecting could
spend lots of time that could be used to arrive at high level. So based on
above advantages and disadvanges of each strategy, the player should allot
their resource on them reasonably and efficiently. As for my experience of
playing this game, I advise that the player should put more budgets on the protection
and the knowledge. Those of two strategies would generate satisfied returns for
the player.If I have just one time to play
this game, I would maybe allot more resource on the insurance and recovery of
the loss after the adverse events. And I have no experience to distribute the
resource; so I have to adjust my strategy on the basis of performance of the
former level. When I played the game again and again, I found which strategy is
more efficient when facing the risk of loss and the opportunity of development.
In addition, the main things that I learn from the game are
the following:The most important lesson is that the player should pay
more resource for the knowledge and protection. The knowledge could help the
player make a better decision; and the protection could avoid the coming adverse
events.Another lesson is that preparing for the possible risks is
better than recovering the loss after the adverse events has occurred.Lastly, getting lesson from each play is very important for
succeed. The player should have the sense and ability to find a better strategy
from the former failure.If I had a chance to change the
game, I would add some adverse event that the protection strategy could not prevent,
which would improve the balance between the protection and the insurance. For instance,
I would put some system risky event that is only done with by the insurance. I
think it would make the game to be more interesting. At the same time it also
would improve the game’s complexity and difficulty.















