5338148

 I)

a) - The role of
the risk management in the game was to avoid damages with great
opportunities  

 b) In every opportunities I had, the risk I made
had more advantages than  disadvantages.


- In terms of
protection I considered the following :

1) The level of
the earth 

2) The distance

3) The speed of
the comets

- The rate of insurance
will affect damages in the assurance

 C –The preparation for the risk affect development
by reducing the damages 

-   It reduces the cost of production that is the
arrangement of the damages are lowered to a low cost

 II)      

1)     
I played the game more than once and;

-I balanced the risk and prepare myself for no damages
(risk management)

- I changed my
strategy and ways of playing to gain more

- Every act I made
had a consequence either positive or negative that help me to know how to
manage risk with very low damages

 III)

     I propose
that the risk management in the game should be taken in charge by the insurance
with very low lost

 Horizon game.

Risk
horizon is a game I played, and ended at level 5. Due to the poor management of
time I failed the level. This game increases our knowledge on ricks management
in the following paragraphs. I will talk about it content.

The game is
not just an act of playing but it is a systematical view on how things are
going on. The game eventually include reflection … risk bearing, insurance and
a state of being for the game to be seen in all it’s view work should be
carried simultaneously. Your reflections affect the way of managing. This could
bring to a lost or a gain which however can reduce your points .consideration
of the time going help to improve you strategy.  which can increase you grade and make you win
a level. The game is been watch at all angles which helps in forwarding our
ideas for a better management. The cost of production and that of reparation
must be less than you gain. Which usually increase your point to the target.

As we play,
we notice that everything we do will contribute to the management. This could
be physically or economically.

Some
physical points to be taken into consideration are:

-         
The
level of the earth; this can help in avoiding debris of the comet that fall
in the sea to touch part of the land which is closer to the sea.

-         
When
a shock is imminent, it might be too late protect and buy insurance but you can
still make community connections. By researching incoming comets, you will have
more time to connect your pod, raising your protection level    

 

                    Some of the
economical factor 

-         
Protecting
the community is useful, but can get expensive the higher the community rises,
the more expensive it becomes to raise it further. Diminishing return are a
fact of life here

 

