5342372

Balancing
the three components of the game has not been an easy task, and I must say that
I couldn’t get past level 3. But so far, my thoughts after my plays could be
summed up on the following:

Knowledge: It is absolutely imperative to
obtain information, because it is the basis for applying the right risk
management strategy. Not knowing what might be coming at you makes it
impossible to balance protection and insurance when resources (time and money)
are limited, like in the game. You could be walking to a cliff without knowing
it. Moreover, it adds a component of extra protection which sometimes was
invaluable to avoid losses.Protection: It is the most difficult aspect to
tackle for me. Ideally, we’d want to raise our protection as higher as possible,
but it is the most complex aspect to finetune and I’ve found it very tricky to
decide when and how much to apply: It builds over time, very slowly, it costs
money (although not a significant amount) and it stops development. It is a
long term component, but don’t wait too much to start using it.Insurance: Logically, it is cheap early on
and costly as development progresses, but it has the hugh trade-off of not
being able to invest in development for a while. I have found it is worth it, though:
the benefits of being covered always exceeded the costs greatly. And it’s a
very quick measure to take, especially in comparison with protection. It is a
short term component.The
strategy I built after playing a couple of times was 1) always keeping an eye,
2) build protection when the sky is calm and 3) wait to take insurance only when
risk and severity pass certain thresholds and invest in development instead.

I found
myself many times only seconds away from going to the next level, waiting for
my pods to finish rebuilding and boosting development just the slim amount
there was left to go until the target.

The fact
that I was always sitting out, waiting to rebuild after the last meteor hit,
makes me think I didn’t build enough protection each time: if I had invested a
little extra time perhaps I wouldn’t be so close to the target in the last 30
seconds, but I would have sustained a little less losses, my pods would have
been rebuilt faster and probably I would have pushed through the target.

Lesson to
take: don’t be excessively short-sighted. Risk management is a long term task!

I don’t
know if I’d really make changes to the game, as they might complicated without
adding benefit. For me, to make it more realistic I’d let the player balance
all the components at once (having sliders and choosing how much to build
protection, how much development, how much research and if to take insurance.
It was a little frustrating to observe a meteor and not be able to be building
protection while it is falling on you =)

Also, and I
don’t know if this was done purposely or if it was a glitch, but the protection
slider only showed me the percentage it was building up to the first time I
used it. Afterwards, I was blind, the only guide being how many bars where
filled but no information on whether I was close or far from the next, which I
think is not realistic (for example, if I invest in a floodgate 10m high, I
know precisely how many days are left to finish construction).

Overall: Good
game!