5353618

The role of
risk management in the game was nations to develop the land and protect with
available funds. In preparation for the game “Risk Horizon,” I first took the
game’s tutorial, which gave me limited understanding of the
process. I just started playing. I got to Level 2—losing Level 3. Had to start
over at Level 1  (discouraging). I had lost
Level 1 three times before advancing to Level 2. I continued playing with a
strategy more focused on more developments (Pods). 

I also placed
the developments in a place far from the water’s edge! That didn’t work. There
was still water around that particular development (forgot water will take over
land no matter how far inland it goes).

I purchased
insurance each round I played. Initially, I chose insurance in the middle and
later purchase the highest; I really don’t know if it made a difference; I was
too focused on how much money I had for repairs. One round of play, I clicked
on 2-additional developments and lost Level 3. 

In
reflecting on the game; and as I connected it to this week’s core reading (pp.
53-75), I found that the game was challenging – for a novice; a by chance
(choose to pick the right Pods to protect). While in the confines of playing
the game, I realized that I did have enough data available and usable
information to advance to Level 5. I couldn’t process the game as one unit. I kept
my focus on the comets that I couldn’t control and not on the parts that I
could.

In our core
reading, being “Proactive risk management can help prevent or lessen damages” (p.57).
Or, “…by moving people away from the areas likely to be more affected and
preparing buildings and infrastructure in advance” (p.58).

If I have
the opportunity to change one thing in the game, I would not have the players
start over again if he/she lost Level 2. I would have players repeat Level 2
until they win advancing to Level 3. Also, novice players have to play enough
rounds for MASTERY. It was a fun and
stimulating game. I’m glad I took the opportunity to play by
challenging myself to-do something new. 

FINALLY early Saturday morning (7/12/2014)
coffee close by, I reached Level 5 by developing all the Pods that the land
would take; and upgrading them 3 at-a time. I had nothing to lose at that this
point in time. I hit pause to re-group while balancing between all the actions.