5360004

1.      
The role of risk management within the game was
to demonstrate how risks effect developing communities and how the components
of effective risk management, preparation and coping, are used together. I
chose to buy the mid-grade insurance and spent a lot of time on researching the
meteors, but this meant less time was spent on the actual development of my
community. This effected my community because there was not enough development
done to the community to pass to the next level, even though what was there was
healthy and safe. Developing is a key aspect of this game that can be missed if
the focus is on other things, like research or gaining protection.  

2.      
I played the game a total of 3 attempts and
stuck with a similar strategy each time of focusing on gaining knowledge and
slowly developing the community with moderate insurance and protection. Of
course this strategy didn’t get me pass the second level and changes to this
strategy obviously should be made. If I were able to come up with more time to
try more attempts at the game I would change my strategy to a more balanced approached.
This would make my focus more equal on my preparation strategies and the development
of my community. I realized, if I were to pass into more levels, more research
can be done with more time, and not all research needs to happen right away so
other aspects of risk management can gain some priority. Not only do you have
to have all the aspects of risk management, gaining knowledge, protection, and
insurance but you must find the right balance between all of the also so the
risk management actually becomes effective. 

3.      
I personally valued knowledge more than gaining
protection and insurance but I felt, in this version of the game, more of a
balance was desired. My theory was in taking a less developed community and
giving them more preparation with more knowledge that can then be used to
continue to develop a stronger community in the future. If I were to add an
aspect of the game I would have made the structures built better initially or
when repaired as my knowledge increased. That way each new building or repaired
building gained a better structure as my knowledge increased regarding the
meteors and how they cause damage. For me, it made more sense to increase
effective risk management strategies first before the community continued to
develop so stronger development was made in the future.   

