5370309

Risk management plays a great role in the game. It is the only way to achieve each level and to get a flourishing city. Research provides you with information and the level of minimum protection that you need. However you have to find the correct balance between risk management and development which is not easy: you have to analyse the information well and be aware of your resources, as preparation for risk first affects development by costing money and you might not have enough to reach the level needed. So at first, when you do not need to protect much, no need to spend to much money on risk management.However once you have upgraded your houses, the shock can cause great damage and you might struggle to make reparation if you have not taken a combination of protection and insurance. But once again it is a question of balance to find. I found the insurance more powerful, when you have reached a certain level of development and you are facing a great shock: your reparation cost you less and it allows you to resume development pretty quickly.However the more you develop, the costly insurance becomes: so research remains very important throughout the game to be able to find the correct trade-offs.  Connections are a great way also to reduce damages. Also what is important is never stop developing by spending enough money on development.I played the game twice: the first time I did not even pass level 1. The second time I spend most of my money first on building, then research, and when the construction were payed I got some protection, when needed. But next time to reach even higher I will have to be less prudent, as at the end insurance were too costly and I lost some precious time. for developing further and gain resources to protect the city.Once thing that I would add is joigned research and prevention measures with other cities/ countries. As mentionned in the course, natural disasters represent an important part of the shocks faced throughout the world. And in recent years an increasing number of natural disasters are caused by environmental issues linked to human behaviors,and global growth. In a global world with global issues and global competition, only coordinated actions will have the necessary impact to mitigate those risks and their consequences: coordinated aactions like research that shows the link between our behaviors and the natural disasters, research to find new environmently friendly technologies, but also information and education, as well as legislation protecting the environment and preventing private sectors to engage in damaging activities.