5374163

The risk management game very impressively managed to make
me understand the importance as well as requirement of risk management
strategies as well as overcoming the obstacles that one faces during the course
of risk management along with other development strategies to promote a
successful progress program. The animations and graphics got me glued to my
screen and so did the challenges that the game offered. It was a very effective
learning technique as I saw myself grasp a lot of concepts much more quickly
than in other situations wherein I had to learn through lectures and readings. It
was a much more practical approach and was not only educative but also
enjoyable.

The role of risk management in the game was to not let
frequent shocks hinder the timely development as a whole. One of the key components
of risk management is the preparation in order to overcome shocks, which was
highlighted in the game. Knowledge was used by researching on the prospective
shocks which may or may not hit us. Research so done made one understand the
severity of the crises as well as the probability of the shock actually occurring.
By using the results of such research one could ignore the shocks which would
in all probability not hit the Alora. On the other hand one could also use
such research to obtain the required protection from the more severe shocks. Protection
implied the measures to influence the impact or probability of a shock’s occurring.  After a certain level of development took
place it was made sure that an insurance plan was purchased to ensure easy
recovery in case a shock hits as the Pods could be redeveloped at a lesser cost than if no insurance plan was bought. The appropriate insurance plan was bought keeping in mind the cost-benefit analysis of such insurance. In other words, only the insurance plan whose benefits far exceeded the costs was bought. In case a shock couldn’t be prevented, the knowledge,
protection and insurance help cope with the after effects of a shock hitting. Another
factor that helped post a shock striking was community building. Preparation of
risk helped in easy, cost effective and quick recovery from shocks caused in
the short run and in the long run it lead to timely development. 

If I played the game again I would probably try and create a
better balance between insurance, research, protection and community building. I
laid more emphasis on research and protection and however panicked post a shock
hit and couldn’t concentrate on community building. However, I made sure that
after a certain level of development,  I bought  an insurance plan to ensure that any shock isn’t
able to entirely devastate the amount of development that has already taken
place.

Given an opportunity to change the game a bit, I would like
to add the risk chain components in the game wherein the external and internal environment
of the planet also helped determine the outcome of shock along with risk
management. (internal environment)The pods may be build using the proper building codes and shock
proof material and if that was not done, they may be more prone to shocks. however building pods using proper building codes would require more money (resource) than not using it at all. However the cost of recovering from shocks would also be considerably low for the Pods created using proper building codes.(external environment) One may also have a choice as to how many pods he wants to build. more Pods would mean more development but also more devastation post a shock hitting.

 