5400998

The role of risk management in the game was to protect
the community from the damages of the comets while at the same time building
the pods as shelter.  

I played the game more than once and eventually got to
level 5 where the game crashed. The first time I played it without having
watched the tutorial and got to level two. I then watched the tutorial and
learned that I could raise the island to protect the community against waves
caused by the comet by raising the island based on the predicted severity of
the comet. The more severe the comet, the higher the island had to be risen. The island had to be risen hower not too high or higher than necessary, because that would been too
expensive. The time spent on watching the comet paid off, because I  knew the severity of the comet and thus how
high I had to raise the island and once a comet had hit, I had as much time to
connect the pods as I previously spent on watching the comet. Both limited the
damage. When I played the game to level 5 the pods only had to be repaired
twice after a comet hit. The last  time I
played, I  forgot to buy insurance, but
it  didn’t matter so much, because  the previously described measures seemed
to  have protected the pod community well
enough. Once I noticed that I had forgotten to buy insurance however, I bought
the full coverage however as soon as there was enough wealth. This is what I
had been doing from the first time I played the game. The higher the coverage
and the more advanced the pods were built, 
the higher the price  for the
insurance was. But the price to advance the pods and restore them also rose.
After each round I could see how much of the damage the insurance had covered
and it  was always higher than the price
that I paid for the insurance so that the insurance always paid off. The reason
why I eventually forgot to buy the insurance immediately was that I had started
to only buy it once the first comet could be seen on the horizon so that I
first used the available wealth to buy land and built pods instead. The reason
for this is that I had read that the more advanced the building of the pods
was, the faster you accumulate wealth. While the wealth was used up for
building and insurance, I couldn’t do anything apart from watching the comet or raising the island
while the pods were built and wealth was accumulated again. As soon as
there was enough money again, I checked if I still had the highest possible
insurance coverage and bought that if necessary. The insurance coverage was
gone at the beginning of each round and had to be bought  again, to increasingly higher rates. Once
this was done, I kept building the pods and upgrading them. At round 5, before
the game crashed, wealth accumulated so quickly that I almost didn’t keep pace
with upgrading the pods!





A game that replaced the comets by strong winds and heavy rain and damage
done by fire could be an alternative, because I think this happens more often
than a hit by a comet. 