5417029

Risk management played a huge role in the development of the Island by helping it prepare for risks through research, insurance and protection. Time spent on insurance helped the community to regroup and have little or no damage. Insurance taken out helped to reduce the cost of repairing the damages suffered when the comet hit.When I started playing the game my focus was on insurance, protection and building the pods. I spent less time on upgrading the pods and on research. On my next attempts I changed my strategy and spent more time building and upgrading the pods which helped me get to the next level.In the first and second level when the frequency of the comets was lower, it was easier to balance the three aspects of risk management. In these levels I spent more time on building and upgrading pods. I would also spend time at the beginning on getting insurance and protection. But as the the frequency of the comets increased, I spent more time on research and building and upgrading the pods and less on protecting the Island. I was also able to take out insurance just after the game started. Also, in the third and fourth level where the comet frequency was higher, I spent less time on comets that were not severe and had little or no likelihood of hitting. Instead I spent more time on researching the more severe ones and balancing that with building and upgrading pods.In the first two levels, preparing for risk helped increase the level of development for the Island when a good balance was stricken for all the three aspects of risk management. However, as the frequency of comets increased in higher levels, preparing for risk slowed down development especially after level four. In these levels more time was spent on research particularly when the severity of the comets was high and and had greater chance of hitting the Island. The time spent on research helped to regroup the community and reduce damage to the Island. If the comet hit and damage was suffered, the insurance taken out was helpful although it cost more with higher levels.This game has helped increase my understanding of risks that are faced in the real world. I've learnt that one needs to focus on the different aspects of risk management in order to successfully manage risk, not just on one aspect. Balancing these is very essential. Also, and more importantly I have learnt that managing risk is not an easy process and requires time and preparation. And even when one prepares, there are levels of uncertainty involved and they therefore people have to be able to work together as a community to be able to cope to reduce the effects when a disastrous event. If I were to design a new version of the game I would include behavioural biases because these also play a big role in how risks are managed in the real world.