5420193

1) The role of RM in the game, plays a sensitive function in coping with the reduction of the rare events such as the capability to diminish the collision risk caused by the comets. An outstanding RM strategy entailed to safeguard the development of the platform with the scope of achieving the final aim, namely building and promoting the healthy development of the pods. Being the task of each participant to bring up the level of development to the highest one,  for my standpoint I had to conjugate the 3 milestones of the RM solution, namely the Knowledge, protection and the Insurance one in order to achieve the final threshold.To do that, I tried to combine a multiple strategy whereby monitoring the path followed by the comets,destining more time to the research (Knowledge issue), as well as developing the pods in a right way, I could prevent the risk of damaging my plant. Such phase is connected to the central one of the Development Report 2014, where much attention is paid to the knowledge and prevention topic, where the people who live in a developing country are well prepared to face negative events or natural disasters as well.Accordingly, the matter of protection has been managed in a properly way in order to fulfill the main task of development of the platform. Protection reflects the expectation to comprise the likelihood to suffer an external disaster or blow over the time. To raise the capacity of bearing the negative effect (collision risk) I took care of the pods, by uplifting the level of the plant. Obviously, the higher was the level of the plant, the less quick was the speed of convergence achieved by the meter of survivorship over the available time. Meanwhile this trade-off has been handled also looking at the concept of the insurance contract. Arguably the insurance contracts have been purchased with the scope to increase the safety of the developing plant. This choice allowed me to minimize the probability to impair the structure.The combination of such strategies averted the risk of losing the game as well as the risk to hurt the development at the beginning of the game, by conceding the opportunity to carry on the goal.2) In playing the game and in applying the clues indirectly suggested by the Development Report 2014, I learned an influential stuff never thought before. The game requested 3 attempts in order to complete the level 4. During each one of those ones, I could understand the importance of the research and prevention as the milestone of the game. Then I understood  that the higher is prevention, stronger is the capacity to face rare event. Of course the contribution of prevention is not for free. A suggestive support was provided by the Insurance purchased from the second attempt up to the last one. At the beginning of the game I discarded it, by considering the insurance just in case of real necessity. Nothing more wrong. The insurance allows the buyer to raise the level of resilience over the time for the good insured in case such good should be affected by the negative event. To end up I feel much more confident to say that combining the Knowledge with the protection and the insurance at the same time, the player might reach a high level in the game, as well as for the life of himself.

















3)  Living
in a developed country I feel to spell that the corruption risk should be
improved. Many reforms should undertake in order to become more agile the bureaucracy.