543163

In the Risk Horizon game, risk
management was indispensable to healthy development, by building resilience and
prosperity.  Under the uncertainty of
comets (shocks) that may or may not hit and the ticking timer, I am confronted
with the two main set choices of allocating my limited resources (time and
money) to either development (building and upgrading pods) or risk preparation
(researching comets, protecting pods or purchasing insurance). One of
the important trade-offs is to compare the cost-effectiveness of risk
preparation with that of coping with its consequences (World Bank, 9). The
choice I ultimately decide to make at any given time during the game hinges on
how the (certain costs) of risk preparation compare to the (often uncertain)
benefits of doing so (World Bank, 9). Research (knowledge) is power and
improves understanding of the chance (possible shocks) and severity (potential
outcome) of the comet hitting. It buys time to create community connections (by sharing resources) and
thus slightly increases protection. Each click to research a comet costs only
$5, but it takes away time from development if I were to accumulate research on
a comet, especially one which has high severity and chance of hit. Protection
drains the most resources from time, the wealth pool and the development meter,
but is most effective in reducing the probability and magnitude of damage to
pods if the protection level matches the comet severity. More wealth is
required for higher levels of protection. Insurance transfers the wealth pool (and arguably time) from good times to bad times (when pods are damaged). It enables quicker and
cheaper pod repairs, but gets costlier as the game level progresses. The game is
designed with diminishing marginal returns and opportunity cost in mind.

I first played the game on June 30, the first day this
MOOC was made available. Without any tutorial and being a naturally risk-averse
person, I made purchasing the most expensive insurance plan at every level the
number one priority. Predictably, I could not progress past level 3. Through
trial and error, I then learned to be less a “crisis fighter” and more a “proactive
and systematic risk [manager]” (World Bank xiii). I learned that preparation (or
ex ante risk management) is better than coping (or ex post risk management)
(World Bank, 63-70).  Coping can be minimal
when I devote resources to building and upgrading pods, alongside with protection
and research. I only buy insurance as a last resort when there is a fast-moving
level 8 or above comet with a significant chance of hitting. With this
cost-effective risk management strategy, I was able to complete the game.

If I were to redesign this already very challenging
game, I would add a random occasional blanket of haze (and thin atmosphere)
around the world of Alora. Living in Malaysia, we are vulnerable to haze mainly
due to smoke from fires burning in Indonesia, which Malaysia-based palm oil
conglomerate Sime Darby may be responsible. $$^{1}$$ The annual haze poses
a health and economic hazard to not only Malaysia but also the Southeast Asia
region. $$^{2}$$ Applied to the case of Alora, this would disrupt
research of incoming comets. To maintain the difficulty of the game, the thin
atmosphere around Alora is assumed to burn up a proportion of comets and reduce
their severity.

From this game, I learned to “keep [my] eyes on the
horizon” and am reminded of the proverb by Benjamin Franklin: “An ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure.”Works CitedWorld Bank. World Development Report 2014: Risk and Opportunity - Managing Risk for Development. World Bank, 2014.http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/press/releases/Palm-oil-companies-must-come-clean-on-Indonesian-fire-hotspots---Greenpeace/ http://www.starproperty.my/index.php/articles/property-news/muar-and-ledang-johor-districts-under-haze-emergency-two-flights-cancelled/ 