5447084

Account of Learning Experience: After
watching lectures and understanding the ideas of knowledge, protection and
insurance in Risk Management I proceeded to play this strategy based game. At
first it was a frustrating task, because of lack of experience, as it could be
in a real life situation where one is assigned to the Role of leading a risk management
operation. As I gained experience I had a better understanding and was able to
better manage the development (building pods in Alora) while dealing with
challenges and shocks (falling comets). 


What was the role of risk management in the game?Risk management was at
heart of the development process. Without proper risk management development
was impossible and vulnerabilities were higher. 

What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? It is tempting to not
spend on Risk Management (knowledge, protection and insurance) and allocate
resources towards development. Spending on Risk Management can be seen as a
trade-off specially when resources (funds in this case) are scarce but one can’t
play a Russian Roulette and must have an effective Risk Management plan.  

In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?As I mastered the balance
between knowledge, protection and insurance development process became more
efficient, more planned and significantly faster. It was less at mercy of
falling comets and better prepared to cope with disasters. 

If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? I played game more than
once.

Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time?Initially I was spending
too much on Insurance but gradually my insurance budget was in alignment with
research providing more money for development. 

What were the main things you learned from the game?Striking a right balance
between different components of Risk Development is a key. The task at first
could be daunting but in long run Risk Management will pay off. 

   

Role of Knowledge, Protection and
Insurance: 

Knowledge: Ability to look out into
space and learn about the severity of the comet and chances of its hit provided
statistical data for understanding possible shock and its potential outcome.Protection: Action to reduce the
magnitude of losses here was to raise the island to match the severity of comet
based on research (knowledge). This protected pods from potential damage by
flooding.  Insurance: Allocating resources from development
to buy insurance was helpful in repairing damaged pods. It significantly
reduced the costs and time of repair. Reflection: Risk Management consists of
two important components. First is understanding importance of knowledge,
protection and insurance. And second component is finding a perfect balance that
best suites the situation. As sources are scarce in most of the scenarios and
well-beings of individuals is at stake any form of Risk Management is better
than no action.  

A surprising element I noticed in my
behavior was that I was much more focused on Risk Management when I was at
Level 5 as I felt I had a lot more at stake which provided an incentive to pay
more attention.