5461134

In short, there was no way to deal 100% with every single threat.  I only had so much money at a time, and only so much time per level, so I could not build/improve all nine pods all the time.  (Further, building/improving takes time as well as money; more than once, a level ended - or a meteor damaged pods - before all my current construction actions completed.)  Time was more constrained: I could either improve protection, research a meteor, or queue up build/improvement orders at any time.  My priorities were generally: build/improve pods, increase protection to the mid-blues (sufficient for most meteors), check new meteors for their likely impact, and research likely-to-impact meteors.  (I spent most of my time researching despite it being lowest priority.)I generally ignored insurance unless a high-damage, high-chance-of-impact meteor was about to hit.  I think I found a better "insurance": develop pods so that they return more income and fill the development meter faster.  Even if a meteor hit and damaged my pods, being closer to completion at a given time remaining in the level let me better afford my pods' being offline for repairs.  More than once, I reached the threshold with almost a minute to spare, which time I spent building up to get a head start on the next level.I played it twice.  The second time, I understood that spending more research time on a meteor meant more time to create community connections, and that you don't need to click on each spot: just hold your mouse button down.  Both of these reflected learning the mechanics of the game, not any more broadly applicable lessons, but they did result in significantly enhanced performance.  (To wit: beating the entire game instead of falling just short of clearing level 5.)If I were to change just one thing about the game, I would replace the development meter with a required payment to pass each level.  This correlates to "rent", "bills", and similar concepts that risk managers around here have to face, and introduces balancing investment versus mandatory payments.   Invest too much, and you might not have enough on hand at level end.  Refuse to invest, and you won't grow fast enough to meet your goal - especially if the next level requires faster growth, so you need to invest in this level to beat the next one, while still having enough to beat this one.