548361

Risk management serves to mitigate against
loss and enhanced the opportunity for development. The knowledge supplied
helped me to see the severity and the chance of the meteors hitting Alora.
First, I realized that it was important to quickly develop Alora in order to
reduce or eliminate losses if it was hit by any meteors. This development
however, has to be weighed against providing protection and insurance,
especially in the face of finite resources. I had to balance upgrading
development and when to do so, with the knowledge acquired from the research on
each meteor. Also important was the raising of the land and when to, in order
to mitigate or even eliminate losses and the loss of power that comes from
raising the land. I had to decide what level of insurance to take in relation
to degree of damage that would ensue if the meteors hit the land. Actually,
many a time, the trade-off was as simple has just waiting to allow resources to
build up.

Preparation assisted
greatly in effecting development immediately or after some time. For example,
because of preparation made, there were times when there was no damage done to
development even though the meteor hit targets. In some cases, the damage was
as low as 13%. Because of adequate preparation, I was to deploy available
financial resources to accelerate development growth and effect repairs when
required.

I tried to understand
the knowledge that the research presents. Based on my better understanding, I
knew what level of protection I should strive for. I was able to also discern
what type of insurance I should buy. I also realized that at different stage
the cost of upgrade goes up. I had to decide which upgrade to do. I also kept
funds aside in the event of any damage. I learnt the importance of acquiring
knowledge if we are to proactively management risk. It is when
we thoroughly understand the contending factors, can we plan risk
management. 

Unemployment is very rampant in the area where I live.
Actually, it is as high as 75%. Of course, there are opportunities for
self-employment. In the area of self-employment, there are various choices for
sources of finance-banks, thrift contribution, microfinance houses, community
supported and funds from the family. But the environment is a very difficult
one. 