5484967

Several ways to calculate a risk.- Most common is calculating the amount of events. How severe the event in damage  loss is.Which needs historical evidence called: empirical proof.- Another is based on probability  severity. Also based on empirical proof. So you can focus your efforts and means.- The Israeli/NASA method for new situations. To exclude all unwanted events  side effects. Which is more of a heuristic method.HistoricalOne of the eldest and longest registration of actual risk management  assesments has been the first world wide enterprise: The Dutch East Indian Company called VOC. Their system, development, journey, losses, everything was registered. They are a great example how this information can be turned into research and development for building better ships, less loss of live and better return on investment. Dutch ships were one of the first standardized with brass-bound kitchen against fire hazard. An outside the ship hanging build-in outhouse which made the risk of disease significantly less.In the game- Goal to create a equilibrium between income  means, threat  return on investment.-Without (empirical proof) historical evidence an approach needs a heuristic method.- Look at the cost of restore a single living-unit or after an event the cost of restoration of a complete living-unit.- The return of investment of an insurance by a third party or by savings which can be used to invest in a further extension of the village.SummarizingIn reflection to question 1: The further living-units were expanded and the quality of the units increased by upgrading, also the cost of restoring increased correspondingly progressively. The randomness of the events and the amount of damage made calculation difficult. Trade-offs between research, protection, communication and development requires routine. It is difficult to make estimations in such a short time. In reflection to question 2: After playing the game several times, I used multiple "scenarios". Using different settings I gained knowledge and using this I reached level two. Calculated experiments gave useful information to reach any level faster.For example: - by putting most effort in research  development. Gaining more time.- changing insurance whenever the high risk meteor comes by.- Using the button to increase protection.All these efforts gave insight. And made possible to mix  match during the development of the village.In reflection to question 3: One of the reforms would be a possibility to invest in protection measures. But it would only obscure the main goal:- Learning to cope  recover,- Calculate costs  benefits.To answer the question nevertheless:I think of half a village in a low-lying area with a high yield  high risk, and half a village in a safer higher-lying area with lower yield  lower damage.