5491214

I enjoyed the concept of this game, that self-protection inputs can be used to limit the damage from hazards. These actions were: increasing knowledge of the risk over time, acting to mitigate the physical risk and putting recovery mechanisms in place. Representing the challenges of the real world, the gamer has limited resources to use, and so trade-offs must be made, as well as an understanding of the changes in costs and impact over time. Choosing to utilise your resources in developing the community means there is less time and money for protection and knowledge activities, as well as more to rebuild once disaster does strike. However the resources increase as more is developed. I played the game a couple of times, once taking a more risky approach, with less insurance and protection; once with a more risk averse approach, spending more on protection and less on development; once deciding to develop intensively, with few but more developed houses; and once extensively, with all plots built on at the same lower rate. I learned that the different methods do not clearly offer a successful strategy. The trade-offs between fast development at the cost of protection and increased knowledge cancel each other out in terms of getting ahead. Thinking of how this applies to the real world, it is easy to see how inequity plays a big part in helping those in charge decide how to spend their time and money; it is difficult to help everyone at the same time, especially as things get more expensive over time and as more developed areas cost more to improve further. In this game, there are no political impacts which do play a large part in the real world. For example, it is easier to gain international funding for recovery. It is easy to see how decision-makers might opt to concentrate their resources on developing their communities and economies and let the impacts of disasters try and look after themselves.  On the other hand, until some disasters recently, such as typhoon Haiyan and dam-bursts in China, it could be said that it was more politically popular to rebuild after disaster than to spend money, even less money on preparative protection, insurance and knowledge. However, in the light of better scientific predictions of hazards and understanding of population vulnerability from social sciences, as well as an international focus on disaster risk reduction; states have come under increasing criticism for not putting in place protective mechanisms as a direct breach of their duties to protect their citizens. If I could design-in more features to answer some of the pertinent issues of risk management in my area of London, UK; I would include more social aspects such as access to self-protection measures, social network and income opportunities. This would widen the protective measures from the purely physical ones in the current game. In this way, this game could be said to reflect a technocratic approach.  