5494267

The role of risk management was vital in the game. From
preparation to protection, the game was well designed to understand each and
every aspects of risk management. The main objective of risk management is to
prevent and protect the community from being destroyed by any disaster be it
natural disaster, economic crisis or disease outbreak. The game was mainly
focused on natural disaster and the methods in which prevention and protection
can be done during, pre and post disaster. The game was able to establish the
importance of risk management in confronting the threat and risk associated
with the disaster. By simple focusing on three major components, knowledge,
protection and insurance, the game successfully embarks upon the effective way
of risk management. As research is the crucial component that enhances the
knowledge regarding disaster, after spending relatively small amount of money
in research I was able to employ better prevention mechanisms. When I knew that
comets had high chance of hit with higher severity I upgraded my houses and
raised the height of the wall in order to protect from strong waves when Comet
hit the ocean and surface. Similarly, in order to recover easily from the
damage I also spend some money on the insurance, which allowed me to recover
damage at comparatively lower price. This further saved my money to upgrade my
physical structures making it stronger and less vulnerable to such disasters.

 Since I was unable to understand the game at first instance,
I had to play game three times in order to pass the desired level. In my first
attempt I just tried to build more structures and tried to upgrade them. But
soon ran out of money and could not pass higher than second level. This taught me
that only up gradation and building new structures wont help. For the second
time I tried more on insurance, which led me up to the third level. Second
attempt help me understand that insurance plays important role in recovering
the damage but is not the sufficient for the ultimate protection. The third
attempt I focused more on research and I did my preparation and planning
accordingly. If the severity and chance of hit was lower, I built and upgraded
the structures otherwise I raised the wall to protect the community from strong
wave. This step led me up to the fourth level. This gave me great insight on how
better knowledge can shape our planning and lead to better protection from
disaster. Better knowledge just tells us what is he right thing to do at any
particular time.At the moment I am quite convinced about the
every aspects of the game. I don’t think there is anything needed to change in
the game. However, I would love to include the living being in the game so as
to see how people would react during disaster and how they would try to protect
themselves from such disasters. Strengthening of physical structure is good but
mental and emotional pressure also should be considered. Hence, I would like to
add the human life aspect to the game.