5500895

The role of Risk Management in the game was vital. We know that risk management includes both preparing for risk as well as coping with the consequences of it. In the game we had the choice of buying insurance which was supposed to help deal with the consequences of the disaster (in this case the meteor shower), as well as the raising of the floor level, which was supposed to help with preparation for the said risk. In this sense we had been provided with tools to manage risk by preparing in advance and coping with damage after disaster struck. The last element of risk management is collaboration at the community and other levels to deal with contingency, risk mitigation and coping mechanisms. This was also provided as a tool in the form of 'making connections' in the game. These three elements/tools were packaged with 'research', which was essentially the use of experience and forecasting to predict the occurrence of the disaster to improve preparedness and maintain control of the situation. I found that knowing the level of severity in advance allowed me to decide by how much I needed to raise the floor level. This element also mimicked real life quite well because information about the meteor shower got more accurate with time, which is true of all disaster forecasting. This created a very real and immediate trade-off between the amount of time I could spend researching the meteor and the amount of time I could spend between doing other things like raising the floor level for disaster preparation, building more assets (pods) and upgrading existing pods to increase wealth. What I learned over time was how to improve the balance between the time and energy I could allot to each of these things. I also understood the importance of renewing insurance over time and making internal connections. If I was developing the game and was allowed to make a change, then I would probably introduce an 'investment tool' where I could invest in either better researching technology or better and more expensive pods. That would bring out the trade-out between wealth generation and protections more vividly.