5504319

Risk management is obviously the main point in this game,
the goal being to achieve balance between getting knowledge of the risks being
hit by a meteor, preparing to reduce possible losses, getting insurance to help
get back on our feet and coping (repairing and start back development) when
hit, while continuing to improve development. I started by making choices that
hindered Alora’s development by wanting to overprotect, which resulted in
failing to develop and being trapped at level one. Then I took more risks with
lower-impact meteors and spent more in development, while getting basic insurance
at the beginning of each level. I realized that while waiting for income to
raise, it was better to at least spend some time researching the incoming
meteors and, when there was none, getting some protection by raising the level
of the ground. Starting to raise little by little since the beginning helped in
the long run, when more severe impacts happened; having a good base, it was
possible to increment the protection only when a severe impact was imminent. It
was also typically possible to cope (repair) more easily by accepting some
damage after having spent a little in insurance, a little in protection
and  a good amount of time researching to
allow good community connections; the mix of strategies was more efficient
while allowing to spend more in development.

The basic lessons I learned from the game that to me apply
to life are to adopt a mix of strategies; to start preparing early; to never
stay idle (if nothing can be constructed, do some research!); and not to
underestimate the importance of social connections. 

The game seems to be made to foster equity; it seemed to
work better when all the first-level pods were built, then all upgraded a
little, then again a little. Life is unfortunately not so equitable at the
moment. A harder version of the game could be made where the player starts with
some construction already advanced, others basic, others in ruin. And not a lot
of money. Another version could then, maybe include different development criteria (two bars
that measure different things, maybe green spaces and urban development?) to be
attained since everyone in life does not have the same criteria for a living. Finally, I'm not sure I understood how the concept of seizing opportunities was included in the game. Could there be something like a falling star going through that you can catch if you're not doing anything at that same moment?

While I only got to level 5 and do not know what happens
next, I also find interesting that the type of development pictured in the game
seems basically to be the typical capital-intensive-growth-forever we have in
developed countries. Related to the last paragraph above, isn’t there a way to
stop development at a level 1 pod and still be happy? Food for thought!  

