5518261

The Risk Horizon game is a real time strategy, which
teaches how and why risk management is important for healthy development. In
the game we need to think strategically and find the right balance between risk
preparation and healthy development of the Alora. The balance can be only
succeed by using three powers: of research, protection and insurance. We cannot
neglect any of them.Playing the
game, first I tried to provide enough level of protection. I marked that it is
easy to achieve the level of development for the first two levels and therefore
I used the free time to improve the level of protection to be better prepared
for the risk in the higher levels.The second
remark is related to the insurance. Once our community is not very developed
(the first three levels) we do not need to invest money of this power. A high level
of protection provides enough preparation for task affect development. In this
way we can save resources and invest them for development. I was positively
surprised that the high level of protection can safeguard the community and as
a result it was no damages even if the comets were severe.Conversely, the
power of research gives us the necessary knowledge about the chance of the
comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. This power
makes complete the level of protection. Thus, I could select the danger, its
intensity and as a consequence is better prepared for the risk. In the game, I
concentrated mostly on the chance of the comet hitting- if it was highly
predict I spent more time to learn about the potential danger. Then, the waves
caused by the comets could not disturb the development of my community.While playing
the game the first time, I spent too much time on the substitutable development
of the community without regarding of the protection. I wrongly found that the
highest insurance level could prevent risk and I spent too much on building and
upgrading pods. As a result I covered the whole area with pots but I did not
enough resources to continue the development. The insurance can covered most of
the damages but I suffered of lack of time by rebuilding. Therefore, I learned
that we couldn’t perfectly plan and design the development of any community. The
healthy development should be harmony and staggered and for it we need take
into count potential risk as well.  In the new
version of the game I would have two kinds of improvement. First, I think
useful to provide an exemplary video of the game. For the first time, I was
working on the “slow” computer and I could not use all the functions in the correct
way, specially the power of protection. I could achieve only the first level
and I did not realize that the protection was the key of the game. 











Secondly, I
would like to increase of the importance of insurance. Actually, in the current
version, we can only concentrate of research, development and protection
without taking into consideration the insurance. I would create an additional
risk, like an earthquake, which occurs rarely but unexpectedly and it would
diminish the whole level of protection. However, we could not foresee it and
only with the insurance we could effectively reconstruct the community.  On the other hand, the intensity and severity
of comet hitting should be decreased in this case.

 