5522457

Game Reflection: 

In the course of playing the game
I learned a few things about risk management:

The planet Alora is one that is
prone to falling meteors, a natural risk, that cannot be avoided but one that
can be managed. -The role of risk management in the game was to lessen the
impact of the falling comets on the planet, to take control and protect the
planet through raising the water level by observing the incoming comets.-Trade-off:
Due to limited resources like time and money. We had to make various decisions
that involved trading off knowledge for protection. When the incoming comets
were spotted, there were two things one can do. Either research on the comet’s
severity or chances of hit for a long time (the severity decreases as research
time increases) or use the information of a short time research and take action
to protect the planet. This trade off is important because in the first case,
it can lower severity which is useful when we already have a certain level of
protection. In the second case, research is traded off for time to protect the
planet by doing the need be. 2nd trade off faced was insurance and
development. The limited money of the manager can be used for either reaching a
higher level of development or buying the most expensive insurance. In the
beginning I first started to develop the planet to a certain extent and using
the remaining for insurance. As the level progresses, due to faster increase in
financial resources, highest insurance and higher level of development was possible. -It is important to manage step by step. Develop the planet in such a way that
it has enough resources for insurance and protection as well. Insurance and
protection is useful for the longer term. Researching about the risk actually
lessens the severity of the comets and gives a clear idea about the chances of
hitting and severity. As risk managers we can protect the planet through
observation which can tell us the impact of the incoming comet and according to
the severity we can raise the water level to the point where it does not cause
too much damage to the planet. Role of insurance: Also because it is not an easy task to protect
Alora in time for some of the comets, insurance plays an important role in
reducing the costs of fixing the damage. Insurance is required because one has
to be practical about risk, unavoidable risks need insurance to lower the
costs. Without insurance, unavoidable risks cause huge damage, not only on the
physical state of the planet but also the financial resources. Learning outcome: The consecutive
time I played the game I learned to manage the resources available better that
is more efficiently and effectively as well. Suggestion: If I could change the game I would
propose a faster version and in that make the following change according to the
context of where I live; financial resources available should be relatively
fixed as in some countries, financial aid does not come in as fast. Given this
situation, the game would be more difficult in terms of making decisions with
limited and slower growing financial resources.

