5529897

In this game it is shown that disregarding the potential risk will lead to failure in development and construction process. I used all possible choices  including insurance, protection and research. I think to success in this game one should use all the options in different situations. depending on the risk, different methods should be applied. The used choices prevent damages to development and compensate the losses  if something bad happens. When there is little risk, the process of development should be faster. All kinds of preparation should be applied in this game to succeed. By using only one of them, the probability of loss will increase. So, a combination of the available choices should be used proportionately. Depending on the situation the way of preparation is different; for example if the threat is very severe and you do not have time to increase protection, you should use insurance.The more protected you are, the less damage you will suffer and the more time you may have to get ready to confront the risks. I think there is a trade-off between the choices as well as trade-off between the money one should spend on development and on risk management.The most important lesson is that if I disregard the risks, I can not even win the fist level, as I did in the first time! Having failed the first level, I was forced to use all possible options to manage risks because I understood that without risk management it is impossible to develop as you planned; if I use all resources to development and construction without paying attention to risks, all I develop may be destroyed if unpleasant event happens. So, risk management is undoubtedly essential in development. For the new version of the game I suggest more detailed options; for example three ways of research with different costs, as what we had in insurance option. More useful and more accurate information should cost more to the player. The kind of protection can also be classified into different categories with different costs. If  a player knows the potential threat exactly (e.g by paying more to research and gain exact information), he\she will be able to use the correct kind of protection in accordance with the threat (perhaps in this case the cost he paid for research is more obviously useful and the player will figure out that the amount he paid for research (or even more) is paid back to him in case of a crash.