5529717

In the game, risk management was crucial in order to win, because if we did not prepare for and cope with the effects of the comets it was impossible to reach the end goal in time. We had to share our resources (time and money) between building/upgrading and three types of risk management.The first, Insurance, allows us to transfer resources over to a time of need (after the strike of a comet). In the game, it would make the costs from comet damage lower, which was good, but it meant that we still had to repair the buildings after the shock (which consumed time and money). Knowledge, on the other hand, means getting information and then using that information to reduce the uncertainty involving the event. In the game it improved the ability of the player to deal with the situation while it was happening, but for very strong comets it was hard to avoid all damage. Finally, Protection measures reduce the impact of a shock, which in the game meant reducing the damage to the buildings (sometimes to zero).The limited amount of money and time meant that we had to focus our efforts in mostly one of these options. My first strategy was to only spend money in development (no risk management), but this only worked in the short-term: as soon as comets started hitting the planet the development would go down too much and I was not able to win the level. My second strategy was to buy the most expensive insurance there was right at the beginning of the level, but this meant I had to wait a long time to start development and then was not able to reach the required level. Finally, I decided to focus on the development but as soon as I saw a comet I would research it and try to make the protection level of the planet match the damage it would do (to avoid any damage to the buildings), and so after a comet hit I was able to continue development normally (no damage was done). This was the strategy that allowed me to reach level 5.This game was an interesting way to see the impact of preparation and coping mechanisms when dealing with disasters, and it taught me to think about preparing better for the possibility of loss in my own life. I experienced that if Protection is used without first having some Knowledge, we run the risk of investing too much or too little before a given catastrophe, thereby using our resources inefficiently, and this is the case in reality as well (we should always gain knowledge before deciding which protection measures to use).  Furthermore, the game showed how risk management is cost effective, just as explained in class, but it also requires us to have a significant amount of money upfront, which is probably the main reason why poorer countries take less risk preparation measures in general. Finally, it allowed the player to face a crucial dilemma in risk management: should I invest now in preparation or save my resources to cope later with the aftermath of the disaster?To improve the game, I would propose that the costs associated with insurance, protection and research would be proportional to the number of buildings and their stage of development, because in most real life scenarios these costs rise when you have more assets to insure/protect.