5530163

The game assigned this week was meant to assess the understanding of risk management in a more practical method. Whether this concept is applied to a hypothetical case or a large recurring problem, risk management is a very important tool to offer protection and to foster innovation. The first step to aid decision-making in the face of a risk is knowledge. With its help, it is easier to deduce how much protection and insurance to spend on in times of a negative shock. Finally, how a society copes with such a disaster after it has occurred also contributes to risk management.
	Knowledge about a risk that leaves an impact on a society is the primary and often, the most important step in preparing. If the risk is one that impacts the society negatively, then understanding the outcomes can be done through mathematical simulations and calculations or comparing with similar, previous cases. If the risk may result in aiding the society in which it occurs, it is equally important to understand how best to make use of this, so that the society can prosper as much as it feasibly makes sense to. In the game, knowledge about the comets is the first step to preparation and greatly benefits the overall outcome. Once knowledge has been acquired, the amount to spend for protection and insurance needs to be figured out. During the game, protection and insurance are synergistic on the whole. However, I found that protection is often preferred to insurance in this case. Appropriately protecting the land reduces the amount of coping necessary after the comet. That being said, insurance is still necessary; more risks could be taken to improve upon the land if it was insured. 
	Once the three mechanisms affecting risk management are understood about a specific comet situation and preparation is in place, it may be feasible to allow the town to grow. Taking a positive risk is just as important in this game because it allows for more income, which can in turn be used to protect and insure it from larger disasters. Therefore, a lot of times, a trade-off may be necessary. If the comet’s chance of hit and damage caused is low, then it makes more sense to spend funds on expanding the town, and vice versa. In the worst case, when a disaster hits and results in damage, community support is essential to rebuilding what is affected, especially if the town does not have that much funding for reparation costs. 
After my first effort playing the game, I changed my strategy to allow for a protection that is more general and can protect many different shocks, as opposed to preparing specifically for a single shock. With the limited funding, this turned out to be more effective and efficient in the management of resources available. If I could change one thing about the game, it would be to acquire better knowledge about the comets to be able to make even smarter decisions regarding expenditure on protection and insurance.