5535732

First of all, I had fun playing the Risk Horizon -- possibly because I rarely play computer-based games, so seldom do I go through excitement by playing games like this.The game indeed is effective in presenting a framework for risk-based development.  These are the main points that I learned:There should be a balance between development and risk management.  The more we develop, the more expensive it is to address the mitigate risks, and to manage the aftermath of disasters.  I lost game 2 because I overspent on my development programs, such that my funds are no longer adequate to address risks from disasters that will have impact to sustainability of development programs.There are three elements to consider when implementing a sound risk management program.  First is the element of preparedness -- in the game we build walls to prevent the damage from waves generated by the comets.  In real life situation, preparedness should be installed in infrastructure and should be in the consciousness in the population.  Preparedness may not be enough to mitigate the risks, so the there should be a second element called insurance.  The community should be capable of recovering from the damage wrought by disaster to the community.  And the third element: there should be continuous research and studies (knowledge) based on the pattern of disasters and dangers.  If a community can build a good "predicting" mechanism on occurrence of disasters, there is a big change of addressing the impacts, which may lead to reduction in destruction properties and loss of lives.If I were to play the game again, I will check the amount of funds spent on development.  There should be balance between development and risk mitigation program.  I will also place more values on "knowledge" build-up, although I had difficulty in controlling the research aspect of the game.But if I will rewrite the game, there are two aspects that I would like to include:One is about the principle stating that: "A more cohesive community has a bigger change of survival."  I may develop some pointing system to differentiate a community that do not work together, versus the community that works together.  In real life situation, working together contributes to survival most specially on members of the community that are migrating to another place.I will add a little variation on human behavior.  Some characters may become too over-confident, or too forgetful of the past disasters -- possibly this would add more color to how the game would be played.  