556636



                                                                ALORA´S WORLDThe role of
risk management in this game was to try to take care of different aspects to
avoid huge consequences once some natural risk happened in your little
community

 

At this
way, we had to manage key instruments in order to save our little stars
settlement, such as insurance, research and protection. Depending my income and
the threat, I had to consider how my city will performs better in order to
reach a high development despite the risks that surrender me, especially
dangerous and evil  comets.

For instance,
if comets threat was kind of low, I was able to chase a better protection while
upgrading my plots. If threats were high or dangerous and I couldn´t stop them
with more protection, I had to focus in insurance and research for a better performance
after the hit.

Preparation
for risk is a key figure in progress as if you forget , it can make a flat
growth for a long time, and stagnation can kill a new born or low income city,
making impossible for them to protect ad progress for the next years.

I played it
different times and I must say that first time I did it quiet bad, as I forgot completely
about the research, so sometimes it happened that I didn´t had time enough to
create community connections so It was a such a great disaster!! After that, I chose
to take always a big care about research and protection, and insurance just
when the threat was a very high danger.

I tried to
keep my protection index always higher that the threat, upgrading plots always
that I had cash and keeping a steady and unstoppable progress ;)

One thing
that I will improve for this game is to erase the "severity" of
comets hits, as it´s something very unreal because in the real life you  are not able to predict how big is gonna be
this threat. Doing so, as in the game, you´re able to play always with a
certain risk, and can manage much better your city, disregarding little
threats. If I wasn´t able to know this severity, I would be much more
preoccupied in protect and insure my population that knowing "it´s not a
big threat so I can keep living as I am for now".

This never
happen in real world with an earthquake or a tsunami, don´t taking into account
one of the key reasons for people usually doesn´t worry about risks.

Anyway it´s
a cool game to introduce newbies in risk management, no doubt.

