5571530





Role of risk management in the game:

The game
has two underlying risks which have to be managed simultaneously. The risk of
the city being flooded due to the comet impacting the water, and the risk that
the required city development is not reached. The aim was to manage city growth
vs city protection.

Choices made and trade-offs confronted:

Choices had
to be made regarding the allocation of funds and time towards constructing
buildings, choosing insurance, increasing city protection and increasing comet research.

The main tradeoffs
were as follows:

·        
Increasing
construction would decrease available funds, and it would temporarily stop development
at the factory, however after construction the development from the factory
would be increased;

·        
Increased
insurance would decrease the potential loss should a comet strike, while
decreasing available funds for other uses;

·        
Increased
city protection improves the probability that the city can successfully defend
against comets with a higher severity, while decreasing available funds for
other uses and stopping the development from all factories during the time that
protection is being increased

·        
Increased
research assists with identifying the most threatening comets with the highest
chance of hitting, as well as increasing the time available to the city to
defend against potential floods, however it is only possible to research one
comet at a time and the city protection cannot be increased while a comet is
being researched

Effect of risk management on development:

Ineffective
risk management would lead to a flood which would immediately reduce development.

Increased factory
development would immediately halt all development at the one factory. 

Increased
city protection would immediately halt development at all factories.

Increased research
would decrease the time available to increase factory development. 

Increased
insurance would not effect development immediately, but it would decrease the
funds available to increase development in the future.

What changed after playing the game the first
time and what were the main things learnt:

The main
change was that I used research to more effectively allocate the available time
to comets that posed the greatest threat to the city, based on the severity and
chance of hitting. This then also increased the time available to defend
against the comet once it had hit. 

Proposed game changes:

The water
level could rise continuously due to the effects of global warming. More ‘green’
factories could be constructed to slow the rise in the water level.

