5584794

The Risk Horizon game begins with investment decision making on
development and understanding the risk factor. Research plays a very important
role for preparation such as raising the land to a safe level and creating
community connections to avoid damages when comets hit. Insurance represents
protection for a peace of mind in reducing cost of repair for damages.

Starting level 1, I built 5 pods and bought 75% of insurance, raising the
land as money was coming in. Through levels 2 and 3, I continued the same
strategy until the end of level 3 where, with 7 seconds remaining, a comet
hit.  I had enough cash in hand to
implement repairs and upgrades but I ran out of time and was not able to
finish.

I spent too much on insurance and kept too much cash instead of investing in
upgrading the pods that generate wealth and raising the land to a safe height
to avoid damage. I also made a mistake of doing minimal research on comets
resulting in insufficient time to create and strengthen community connections
which helps to avoid damage. Although I  began with an incorrect concept and strategy,
I was lucky enough to get through level 2 but not when the complexity of the
situation increased. In reality, as in this game, unforeseen situations occur
when least expected especially with limited use of research. Excessive insurance
coverage and retaining large reserves does not generate wealth and is not the
best risk management solution. 

After changing my strategy, I managed to win level 5 and subsequently level
6, the final level. The complexity of balancing the risk management in this
game is to keep alert on 3 main angles; investment, protection and
research/knowledge of the comet, lastly insurance which is not one of the main
angles of attention. In each level, I tracked/researched the comets and
invested in protection by raising the land after I spent  cash on upgrading the pods. While making the
preparation for the risk, as soon as I generated enough cash from developing
the pods, I reinvested the money into more upgrading of the pods promptly when
I saw no threat from the comets. When research showed the highest degree of
severity with a high chance of hit, I bought in the minimum coverage of
insurance as a secondary protection if I had enough cash in hand and continued racing
with time to bring the preparation of the land to a safe level balancing with
maximizing research.

I would add a bank feature to the game. 
It would give the ability to request a “loan” to aid in protection or
insurance based on cost-benefit analysis. 
At the end of the game, the “loan” would have to be repaid so, again, a
cost analysis would have to be taken into account to ensure success to the
final level.

There is no better way to cope with any damage of being hit by a comet than
to prevent the disasters by preparation such as raising the land to a safe
level correspond to the severity and to do a thorough research on the comets
allowing enough time for community connections. 
The risk management tools of knowledge, protection and insurance play
key roles in determining the outcome and sustainability of Alora.