5603522

1.      
The role of risk management in the game was twofold.
One- To eliminate or minimize the risk. And Two- When you do in fact encounter
it, how fast can you recoup? I have predominantly made the choice of developing
existing pods rather than going for the new ones because this would eventually
replenish my assets faster and I would have more dispensable cash in hand. The
major trade off I have done is between Protection and Insurance. When I had
sufficient protection I held off insurance until last seconds of comet being
hit or I took the minimum possible insurance. Another trade-off is that instead
of developing all pods at same rate I made sure some pods are perfectly
developed before new ones are created. Preparation for risk affected
development in this way-Protection helped in avoiding the extent of damage done
by the comets and insurance helped in faster recouping when the comets hit the
island.

2.      
I played the game multiple times. What I did
different from the very first time is that I concentrated on development of
existing pods rather than creating new pods as this helps in faster
replenishing of my assets faster. Secondly, I did not take maximum possible
insurance as I have done while playing the game for the very first time and
concentrated on protection.What I have learned from the game is that
preparing for risk either helps us in eliminating the risk or at least we can
pull ourselves together faster and cheaper in comparison to a state wherein we
are unprepared or under-prepared.

3.      
In the place I live, the major risk is uncertainty
in the time and magnitude of rainfall. So I would consider an element of “Farming”
on the island and amount of clouds in the sky with a risk of heavy wind blowing
away the clouds eventually resulting in lower rain fall affecting the farm
produce on the land. Moreover, another dimension of surprise-risk like Earthquake
or Tsunami or Volcanic-Eruption can also be added. Risks like floods, drought,
famine, asteroidal/comet collisions, etc. give us some idea of time of impact
and degree of impact whereas others leave us without any beforehand information
regarding the risk. So I personally think that adding that to the game would
make it more interesting and realistic.