5606341

Risk management is the key motive of the game. We had to make a choice between protection, insurance, timing of development and at the same time keeping track of the cost of implementing these measures compared to the loss. We also need to make a choice of researching on the risk and gaining knowledge. The trade-offs confronted are mainly – 1.	Invest time on research or invest it in implementation of protection measures2.	Choice of insurance based on the costs and the chances and magnitude of loss3.	Timing of development – develop or save money to cover losses4.	Protect by increasing height immediately or wait until considerable amount of research and implement the protection5.	Most important of all, trade-off between money and protection/insurance measuresImmediate effect of preparation of risk on development would be due to the usage of money. Some amount had to be kept aside for insurance, protection and for measures in case of loss which would have been used for development. In long run, this protection and insurance would have saved us money which could be used for development.The best strategy would be to choose optimal level of insurance, optimal height level and to spend time on research. Increasing the height would have a long term implication and a height of level 5 seemed to be optimal. With the increase in probability and intensity of risk, the development would slow down as there needs to be enough buffer amount in case of loss to get back to normal life. Spending time on research should be of high priority and would really help in saving cost of protection.I would like to add the factors like the cost of natural resources being used and cost of power in case of protection. The region I live in is currently facing shortage of electricity, clean drinking water, more usage of non-renewable resources and less of renewable resources and pollution. I believe these are the major risks in the world today and especially in developing countries. These factors are to be included in the game as development these days has got a new definition in “Sustainable Development”.