5622469

                Over
the course of playing the assigned game, I was reminded of many effective risk
management strategies used in the corporate world in developed economies that
could be effectively put to use in undeveloped economies.

                First, the
game favored a strategy wherein gamers used insurance and market intelligence to
protect themselves from big losses while internally developing systems and controls to
handle smaller, more routine losses. By raising the height of the field to a
moderate level (before diminishing returns to investment began to take a large
toll), gamers could eliminate the risk from routine loss potentials. By completing
research on more deadly events in advance, gamers could use the social support
structure function to raise preparedness, and gamers could use insurance for
fast-moving comets or those which were so critically disastrous that research
and response was insufficient to cope with the risk to development. This strategy
is a common one employed in many successful corporate enterprises today. For
instance, banks explore critical and systemic risks and quantify those risks in
measures such as Value at Risk (VaR), stressed VaR, and duration, then may use
a derivative form of insurance such as credit default and interest rate swaps
to hedge against the risk of market downturns and interest rate shocks,
respectively. On the other hand, more routine measures of risk such as default
risk of individual borrowers are built into interest rate premiums charged to
all customers to effectively spread the cost of the risk of default. One can
even find applications of these principles to the 2007 financial crisis, which
was due in part to a failure of investors and ratings agencies to adequately research
and rate risky mortgage-backed securities.

                Though
the second lesson may seem obvious to some, luck plays a part in the success of
development or the success of an enterprise. Sometimes, even with proper
planning, a devastating comet would hit immediately prior to the deadline,
making victory impossible. Force majeure events can occur in any project or
venture, and insurance may not be sufficient to compensate for losses
sustained.

                Finally, maintaining adequate insurance to take entrepreneurial/enterprise risk from the start was a must. Insurance
was a necessity in this game. Without it, there simply was no time to address
every potential threat. This mirrors the real world, where it is best to
transfer the risk of some occurrences to a counterparty.