563780

The role of
risk management in this game was being able to foresee the risks (comets) and
act on it, while making sure it did not influence the development of the city. Firstly
some homes needed to be arranged so I built a few pods. To me, it was important
to insure the pods. In the first level, with the income not being high I chose
the 50 per cent insurance since I would not be able to raise the platform high
enough if a strong comet was about to hit. Being able to get more protection in
levels 2 and up, I decreased the insurance. I only used research very limited,
just to see how severe the hit would be as well as the chance of it hitting and
basing the protection level on this. At the beginning of each level, as well as
when a comet was approaching, the increase of protection slowed down the development.
Yet with being sufficiently protected there was no need to rebuild which helped
increase the development over time.

The first
time I played the game I did not know how much protection would cancel out the
severity of the impact of the comets. In my second try I was able to calculate
the risk better and get further in the game. This made me realize how important
protection is. Having the knowledge of what is coming is useful, yet if you do
not use this knowledge to prevent the event when this is an opportunity you will
decrease your chances at development. Also, being insured for the damage after
the event is good as this will reduce your spending afterwards, yet when you
could have cut the costs even more with preventive measures this will also
decrease your chances at development. 

The only way you notice that there is development is the increase of money and the nicer looking pods. I think it would definitely add to the experience if you would be able to see what exactly is developing. For instance there could be bars for health, education and income, which you can see increase as your city develops. This would also make it possible to show how the shock of a comet impacts the development and by this make you more aware of why you need to protect, insure and research.

