5648387



I found this game both challenging  interesting. The
tools which were available to us were research, protection and insurance along with
resources being made available for the development of the community as well a
risk management. Initially I struggled to clear round 2. I started off with
little protection and spread my pods everywhere without spending resources on building more robust pods.  I also
ignored the value of research initially and in the later stages I started to
overestimate the value of the same. 

In order to be successful in this game it is very critical
that you plan your game in advance. Eventually when I was successful I
realised that the risk management tools like protection was not very intuitive initally.
To successfully complete the Level 5 I had to first plan my game by investing
in the ‘Protection’ tool first which is not very obvious initially. I was successful when I took the protection to Level 4 at the very
early stage. I followed it up by investing my resources on 4-5 pods and not all
at once. The strategy was to make the pods more robust by investing in smaller
pool of pods instead of spreading my community thin without robust structure.
Since I had level 4 protection I could also easily ignore comets that had
severity of less than 4. As my community became more affluent, I found it easy
to invest in some Insurance. I took out about 50% insurance and it did not seem
to cost a huge amount of resources. As I got more returns from my robust pods
design I could reinvest on my protection tool and eventually raised the protection bar to
level 7. 

I also realised when I played the game initially any damage
from the comets would set you back severely and it took a while to recover from the damage. Therefore the best option was to
prevent the damage as much as possible in the first place! Once sound protection
measures were in place with good robust pod design the affluence of the community
helped in building other pods very quickly and could build robust
design for the rest fairly quickly. I eventually did invest in research to track comets which
had severity greater than my protection level. This gave me enough time for
community feedback. Since I had good protection system as well as robust pod
design I realised that in one or two instances when I was hit by a severe comet
the maximum damage was around 16%. At later stages of the game I did not suffer
any damages whatsoever and therefore was successful in keeping my focus on development. Hence I  conclude that the investment made early in the
protection had huge pay off in the later stage since it
helped me get to the next level. 

Due to inherent protection, I was able to devote more time
to community development which gave huge returns which in turn was invested in
further improving the protection level, getting insurance and building more
robust pods. The knowledge of the severity of the comets was extremely helpful
since it helped me prioritize my efforts in the right area. 

Since I have played the game multiple times I would suggest
that you spend resources developing robust protection and invest in few pods at
a time and build a strong community. 



The one thing I would change about the game would be
connecting the yellow glows post the comet strike. There is no clear feedback
to the user if the connection was clearly made. 

