5653635

P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }


Game Reflection Exercise
By Jacob Collin

The player of the Risk
Horizon game was put in the center of events taking place. You are
forced to make judgements on how much risk to take for development
and how much to invest into gaining knowledge, preparing and
protection against the risks. The role of risk management in the game
was therefor to make the decisions in what to focus on at what time.
As you could only do one thing at the time investing in new pods for
example would make you more vulnerable and investing in insurance
would hamper your ability to invest in new pods. You were also forced
to make decisions on which risk to prioritize when multiple
meteorites came at once. One could be very strong but not very likely
to hit and another could be less strong but very likely to hit. It
was a balancing task that was quite realistic.  It showed how
we have to determine what risk is most important to tackle in real
life, where we often have to think of the risks connected to the
measures we take to counter a certain risk. For example how
GMO crops can counter food insecurity but at the same time put the
ecosystem at risk.  Another thing that was quite clear in the game
and that has also been mentioned in the teaching is how prevention
and protection is a lot more effective than insurance. 


After playing the game a
few times I realized that gaining knowledge about the risks would get
me quite far and prepare me for what would happen if the risk would
materialize. In the game community building and cooperation were very
effective in handling the effects of when the risk would materialize.

If I were to develop this
game further I would introduce more and different risks as you never
only have one risk coming from one way. Of course it would make the
game more complicated but you could for example introduce earthquakes
and building codes to add another risk to the pods. You could build
the pods cheaper and riskier or strong and sturdy. In that you could
also give different levels of impact to give the player another risk
to analyze and balance just as with the different strengths of the
meteorites. On the more technical level I would make the game into a
download version if it is to be used like this in teaching with
grades. It was quite frustrating to be at level 4 and the web browser
would give up. All in all I think this was a great way of
illuminating how we can manage risk.

