5658583

Playing a game in relation to this learning process was interesting but not fully satisfying. The risk management role in the game was used in the building of machines to protect the area from damages caused by comets. The cost of these prevention tools was expensive, but it appeared to increase the wealth over time. This showed that protection was a necessary tool to provide the community with a certain safety from possible damages. Insurance played a huge part too as it decreased the costs of damages after being hit, and after the protection tools had failed to protect the community. It made it easier to recover damages and to continue as normal.However,the game was rather simple and relatively easy to understand. If I was to make changes, I would have implemented more tools, where the player would have to think to a larger extent in order to save the community, and use the knowledge acquired throughout the course. It was an insightful and important tool in the learning process, but it did not require much knowledge or understanding of risk management. Nonetheless, I did learn that protection and insurance are important in risk management, and it decreases the costs in case a disaster may occur. Moreover, it made me think about the risk management choices in the area where I live. It made me think about highway nearby my house, as well as the main roads just below it. The pavements are narrow and small, and children may fall out at any point. These risks are not dealt with properly, which I find disturbing and emergent. There could have been beneficial to build bigger pavements, or even small fences between the pavement and the main roads, to prevent children from running or falling out in the streets. Another topic to be discussed is how bikers bike on the main road among the cars. This is dangerous both for the bikers and the drivers, as the latter often get annoyed by bikes and decide to drive past. The driver may put himself, other drivers, and bikers in dangerous by taking impulsive decisions. Additionally, health insurance will decrease the costs in an event of a traffic accident. By looking at the latter example with the bikes and the cars, one can see a link to the game as both incidents show how protection and insurance are good risk management tools to make it beneficial balance the risk and benefits, with the most cost effective solution. To sum up, by having a more complicated and challenging game, the student would learn more as he/she would have been able to properly apply the theoretical knowledge in practice. It gave a sense of the necessity of risk management, and how protection and insurance are important to decrease the damages, but it was a rather theoretical rather than practical application of risk management. 