5683576

Role of risk
management

I have to admit the game was very interesting, and
challenging. To me, it provided an appropriate (though simplified) theatre to
experiment with investments in managing risk versus encouraging growth. It provided
an interesting application of the key tools/processes discussed in the report

Knowledge: increased research about the comet provided
a greater understanding of severity and likelihood of hittingProtection: investing in basic protection helped
weather the negative effects of comet strikes, even in the absence of insuranceInsurance: provided a significant buffer against
the costs of risk, and allowed greater redirection of funds towards growth of
pods. On occasion, I chose to take a small amount of damage since I knew I had
insurance coverageCoping: The implementation of community connections
as a means of resisting the impact of risk was quite interesting, especially as
it was directly linked to knowledge/researchI eventually found that having a reasonable amount of insurance
or risk protection helped, but putting too much into it severely hampered my
ability to invest in building pods in the early part of the game. On the other
hand, having some early risk protection (50% insurance) ensured enough funds regeneration
to invest in pods, with the occasional break from investing to manage
individual risk events.

 

Repeated plays

The biggest change in strategy between my first attempt and
later ones were the extent and timing of risk protection. I am, in general,
risk averse. As a result, I initially spent heavily on protecting the downside
of risks through building protection and buying insurance; the idea being that
this would leave me more risk-free to pursue growth. This was clearly not the
most balanced use of resources, and was something I changed in later
iterations.

 

Refining the game

I would introduce two changes to future versions of this
game.

Predictability of impact: In real life, while
research does help predict the severity of risks such as natural disasters and prepare
the community to cope with it, the actual impact can often be very different.
For example, Hurricane Sandy’s direction and scale of impact were different
from what US weather monitors predicted (Source: http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2012/al18/al182012.discus.012.shtml?).
I would therefore include a randomized change in the severity of the impact in
the game. While this might seem unfair to some gamers, a carefully bound
randomization (say, +/- 20% of declared severity at 100% research) will be realisticAlternate risk: Risk management is often a
trade-off between different types of risk. For example, a country might have to
allocate spending between spending on healthcare and food distribution. Both
are important issues and pose high risk to citizens, but resources are limited.
A country might also have to make decisions between fiscally prudent action and
social obligations. Introducing an additional risk (say, a potential monetary
collapse) that does not affect the pods but affects the amount of money the
player has would make it even more challenging