5693411

In the game the player must manage all the resources to provide growth and development without neglecting the risk due to comets. There are several types of comets, each one offering unique levels of severity and chances of hit, and the player must chose wisely which instrument use to protect the community from the danger. Protection insurance and knowledge are the available ways of protection and each one fits better each different kind of situation.All the options offer trade-offs, the insurance is a good call when there are imminent cases of impact with high levels of damage, but it is expensive and uses resources that could be applied to development. Protection is time consuming and costly, however offers a good option when there are a lot of incoming comets with a low level of severity. Knowledge is the least expensive one, but is only recommended when there is one big threat since it consume the players time and makes it difficult for them to provide measures to generate development and safety from others comets.In the short run the preparation was harmful for the development, but in the long run it was beneficial once resources hadn't to be spent in rebuilt, and the money kept flowing without interruption. After having played for a while, it is clear how the player learn to manage the risks. At the first time one will probably try to be fully protected, however as the game goes on it is learnt that resources can be better used. Speaking for myself, after the third level I realized that high cost insurances were not always the best choices and the resources spent in those could be easily used in development. Also, after some matches it was clear how idle resources were  unproductive for protection and development.In my opinion I would include the possibility of credit in addition of money. Credit  is something very important in modern day economies and is highly correlated with managing risks and providing development. The credit  would change the necessity of reserves for difficult times and would also create opportunity to boost development in peaceful times. Some degree of interest rates (that fluctuates from high to low depending on the insurance hired and the level of damage caused by the meteor) could also be included in order to take some elasticity out of the money system and force the player to be less risky.