5696542

What is Risk? Risk is an uncertainty that could have an adverse effect leading to loss, harm or damage.What is Opportunity?Opportunity is an uncertainty that could have a positive effect leading to benefits or rewards.From above to definition we understand that the common ground for both Risk and Opportunity is UNCERTAINTY.Risk and Opportunity go hand in hand. The Game was a good test of Preparedness, Action and Coping. To overcome the risk it becomes important to understand the type of Threats that can be a cause of worry, and proactively prepare the infrastructure to deploy in a case of happening of the Threat,In-spite of preparedness, there is always a possibility of minimal damage to assets. Such assets can be insured and due to which the cost of replacement reduces tremendously. By Proactive behaviour the player can reach higher levels in the game and gets an opportunity to even secure higher percentage.But Coping also is key to survival. Coping would help re-analyse the whole Risk management strategy.Thus, Knowledge allows you to understand the Threats,Protection allows you to escape or minimise the effect of the Threat/Risk,Insurance allows you to minimise the loss, andCoping gives you the time and energy to bounce back to neutralise the effect of the Threat/Risk.Thus, i would like to highlight the importance of Decision and Change for Risk Management. The Decision: 1. To identify what is the Risk? 2. What is the severity of the Risk? 3. What would be the impact of the Risk?  4. What is the preparedness to face the Risk?Change is to keep improvising on the activities of prevention on reducing the risk by gaining more knowledge on previous experiences and todays availability of resources. Thus, for me take away from the game would be as below;1. Risk Management can be a powerful tool for development. It can save lives, avoid damages and bring up opportunities. Risk management can become the way of Sustainability.2. Identifying Risk is by itself is not enough but also it is necessary to identify the obstacles to risk management and correct them.3. Connectivity/ Network between Individuals, Households and the Community helps in avoiding and coping with risk in a larger manner.4. Most importantly the Risk management requires Proactive behaviour and not reactive behaviour. You have to be prepared in a cyclical manner and not just react today and forget.