5711758

The game was all about balancing investments in
knowledge (which in this game was actually quite cheap!), protection and
insurance. This was a very captivating way of realizing how frequently we need
to apply risk management principles, as most of the time we are playing with
uncertain factors to make decisions on everything. 

And it was also a very interesting way of realizing
about the important trade-offs we need to consider for an adequate management
of risk given the scarcity of resources we were constrained to.

I started playing in a very defensive or risk-avoiding
way (investing too much on protection and insurance, and basically nothing on
knowledge), and for that reason I was not making a lot of progress in terms of
development.  Then I started leaving
protection measures aside and concentrated mostly on insurance and development.
That also proved wrong (too expensive!) and again I was not able to go too
far.  

I played the game several times until I was finally
able to identify a strategy that allowed me to reach level 5. That happened only
when I decided to maintain a solid investment in both development and
protection, while deciding on insurance investments based strictly on
knowledge. In essence, I learned that it was worth investing in knowledge to
better decide on the adequate mix and timing of protection and insurance.

One of the things that I would change in a new version
of the game, to make it a bit more realistic, is that I would not allow players
to wait until the very last second to buy insurance against an event with a very
high likelihood, and mid to high impact. In real life, insurance companies
would be better informed and would not sell an insurance for that kind of
threat. So it would be good to force players to make earlier decisions, when
they can take advantage of early knowledge.

Another factor that I would adjust a bit is the cost
of knowledge. In this case it was very cheap for you to find out if those
approaching comets were worth an additional investment in protection or
insurance. In real life, knowledge about many threats is not so clear and also
not so cheap. So it would also be interesting to make it more expensive, to add
more value to its contribution, and also to make you think twice about how much
money to invest on it.