5716730

1.      
What was the role of risk management
in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in
terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for
risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 

The role of
the risk manager on the game was to promote the development of the community, allocating
scare resources not only to development but also to risk management, namely
through a couple of mitigation tools.

The limited
available resources, resulted on a sophisticated trade-off between investing in
development, in knowledge, in protection and in insurance.

Definitely proper
knowledge and preparation affected significantly the risk management approach,
considering (as in real world) limited resources for the task.

Also the
management options and balance between protection and insurance presented very
interesting results, not rarely an over allocation of resources in face of the
real threats.

Definitely
determining the allocation of resources between Development, Research,
Protection and Insurance, it’s not an easy exercise, even when external factors
like Incentives and Behaviors are excluded.

Building a
healthy community and create a legacy is definitely a challenge.

 

2.      
If you played the game only once,
what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if
you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? What were the main things you learned from the game?

Initially I
took an approach of over protection for potential risks hindering the
development of the community. On subsequent plays a better balance between the allocation
of resources to develop and risk management, with better results. Ultimately
introducing information (knowledge) on the resources allocation to development
and risk management allowed for a better and more precise risk management
freeing important resources for development.

 

3.      
The game captures, in a simplified
way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a
new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing.
What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices
that matter in the place you live?

I believe
that an important tool for performance improvement would be the ability to save
previous sessions of the game allowing for a deeper analysis and comparison of
the results achieved through different strategies to development and risk
management. 