5717790

In this game, we see that development is at risk. Risk management is an essential tool for development that is exposed to many risks, and an inability to manage those risks can jeopardize development goals. The situation
is constantly changing, and with change comes uncertainty. We do not exactly know if the disaster hits or not. There is always a chance factor. We must decide the proper balance between taking on risk and preparing for it, or
acting only after a shock has occurred. The choice of how much risk to take on will be affected by a trade-off between risk and return—by reducing the riskiness of the development, we may also diminish the potential return we can
get. Risk management can enhance development, allowing us both to decrease the risk we face in the game and to improve return. We have three options for risk management:
1) Research (Knowledge), 2) Insurance and 3) Protection. To manage the risk these are the tools. Through research we get the information regarding severity and chance of shock. It helps us in making choice between development,
insurance and protection. Sometimes, it is seen that on account of economic constraints we make trade-off between protection and insurance. With less protection, damage occurs. But insurance will cover the cost of repairing. Thus
we can transfer the risk. Sometimes development becomes riskier if proper protection is not taken. Investment in preparation for risk mitigation means less investment in development, but the decision pays dividend in the long run.
Disaster is mismanagement of development, while risk management of development is risk aversion. It is strategic planning in the game where we have some options from which we have to make our choice to get the maximum benefit. I play the game more than once. Play more than once increased my knowledge which make an essential component of risk management. Because I face uncertainty when I confront risk, I give more time to research and
development. Development makes risk lesser. Research makes me knowledgeable. I gain knowledge on severity of the shock and the risk factor. Accordingly, I make the choice among development, protection and insurance. I also learnt that
without proper research, risk management is difficult because decision to make choice among different options becomes difficult. Knowledge of risk goes beyond simply obtaining information: knowledge also involves using that information to
assess potential risks and then deciding how to act. Confronting risk improve my knowledge by creating a richer understanding of the potential consequences and informing future action.In case, if I am tasked to change on aspect of risk management, and the choice is limited, I will add resilience instead of insurance. Insurance is transfer of risk, resilience is reduction of risk. Insurance
is costlier than building resilience in poor countries. Resilience is capacity building to cope with disasters. Risk management requires preparation and coping. The goal of risk management is to mitigate the losses and improve the
benefits that people experience when they face risk and opportunity. To achieve that goal, risk management needs to combine the capacity to prepare for risk with the ability to cope once a risk has materialized. Protection includes actions
that lower the probability and size of negative outcomes or increase the probability and size of positive outcomes. It is also a tool for risk reduction. 
