5718657

Answers Q. Nr 1A.   The role of
risk management in the game was to provide the player with opportunities to
protect the assets of the player by purchasing insurance or purchasing
immediate protection against the destructive forces of the incoming comets.B.   The choices
I made was not to purchase insurance as spending money on raising the bars
seems to be more cost effective in terms of price, but also because this choice
seemed to offer a higher level of protection than the insurance option.C.   
Preparation for risk came very quickly as I played one game solely focusing on
using insurance and one game played solely raising the bars for protection, it
became very quickly evident that raising the bars was the most cost effective
and offered the greatest level of protection.Answers Q. Nr 2A.   I did not
play the game only once, it seemed logical to try various alternatives to
playing the game, to find the most effective way to develop and upgrade the
pods faster whilst offering the greatest protection against the risks presented
by the comets.B.   I played
the game 10 times and tried various levels of protection and also different
building strategies, meaning focusing on building fewer pods but developing
them much faster as opposed to the strategy of building all the pods available
and developing them gradually. It was evident that holding on to cash as a
reserve was not necessary if the bar levels protecting my assets was high
enough to cover the most destructive comets.C.    Here
are the main things I learned from the game:1) The games tutorial
prepared me fairly well to master the risks presented in this game. To
effectively manage the risks I felt I needed to spend all the money you earned
while playing this game on building pods or preparing for comet hits. 2) The game appeared
to reward the player who built and upgraded as many pods as possible, as early
on in the game as possible and revenue inflows seemed to substantially increase
as the pods were numerous and well developed. 3) the key was to
grow without wasting precious cash that could be used to expand the building
and upgrading of pods, the player needed to heavily invest in protection by
raising the bars to at least 4 bars depending on the risk factor of the
incoming comets that could be viewed by clicking on the comet.4) I learned that the
situation bar turned green when I was on track with the developmental goal of
the game and red when I was not on track.  5) I also noticed that
clicking on the little green clouds after a comet strike seemed to lessen the
destructive impact of the comets.Answer Q. Nr 3:














































I would have added more risks
and more ways to fight the risks to prepare for a more diversified and possibly
even a season risk, like storms coming from the near-by ocean that could erode
the cliff and cause some of the pods to fall into the water. I would also have
offered to develop lower risk lower revenue areas to give some more variety to
game and also a greater feeling for the cost of risk and how to deal with it.
Risk Management in the place that I live mainly comes from flooding and I have
taken steps to alleviate the risk both on the dirt roads that risk being eroded
to the point of collapse and ensuring proper drainage free of garbage to allow
the water to flow.