5724338

The role of risk management in the game was to protect the resources from maximum damage in scenarios of a comet strike. Initially, I chose to build a couple of plods and insuring them for 50% coverage instantly. But with approximately $1000 in hand, and roughly around 3 minutes to save the planet and get to the next level, I had to get the severity level high to combat the comets. In doing so, I realized that to make too many things happen simultaneously, we need more man power. But here, since it was only me, the process of building, upgrading and increasing immunity towards the comets did not take place as I would have liked it too. When I failed level 1 over two three times, I changed my strategy. To keep the development going, and spreading them all over the place, I kept building around 3 plods. I chose to increase the severity from comets instantly and after having done that to a considerable level, I chose to insure my properties just before a comet strike. So by then, the comet had missed and when the next strike was due, I took a chance to upgrade the plods and spread them along. Also, I built a couple of more new plods. And instantly increased the comet combat level when the level ticker was near yellow. This helped me gain more safety and less damage during a comet attack. Through this, I managed to cross level 2 and almost cleared level 3. So what I basically learnt from this game is that to manage risk, equal proportions of development at every phase must be done. In this case, building the plods and upgrading from time to time, while building more new plods was important. Not only that, we also had to make sure we prepared for the disasters by ensuring some safety management in case of a comet strike. And having known that no strike guarantees how much severe it would be and how badly it would affect any development, we must also make sure to insure our properties in case of such natural calamities. In that way, we do not have to spend exorbitantly in case of such scenarios. I live in Chennai, India, a coastal region of the country and my city is a high earthquake prone zone. If I were to develop a new version of the game, I would add more complexities to the game. What I mean is, the game dealt only with one apocalypse; that is, the comet strike. But there can be cases where a flood and an earthquake could happen successively. My city witnessed Tsunami in 2006 which left the coastal areas flooded and the city areas destroyed due to the earthquake. Various multiple and successive disaster management is what I would add to the newer version of the game if I were given the task which had the same. 