5754333

             The role of DRM
in the game was to find a trade off between development goals and disaster
management in its components that are 
must be proactive   its component
of  knowledge  and resilience .The former include  identification of threat  and assessment of severity and
probability  of occurrence  .The results of these activities may  guide to action to undertake for reduce the
probability of occurrence  ( mitigation )
and protection measures  in case of
occurrence . 

Unfortunately  , all risk can not be avoided  and some will have unavoidable damages
.Recovery can be made easier  with  insurance 
.

Preparation for risk is essential
for a sustainable development .Research 
on earthquake  risk  for example , can  guide urban planning and buildings code 

 

I played the game several times .The
first time I lost  ( Lost Level 1 )
because   " I was struggling to make
connection between community  before
disaster ".The game suggest that  I
spent more time on research  because
" the more research , the more time 
you will have time to prepare ".

Indeed  It  was
the first and  a great lesson because we
can not fix  or prepare for a risk we
don't know .The interface of the game shows 
clearly that severity and chance of hit change as we spent more time on
research .

The second lesson I learnt from the
game is that "... even a little bit of protection goes a long way .Even if
your pods are damaged , they will be damaged less  if you are re protected .This make them
easier to repair "

In the real world , protection can
not be 100 % because of uncertainty on the severity and chance of hit ,But
protection can reduce damages  and such
make recovery cost lower .

The game also  suggest 
that , although  protection is
useful , it can get expensive. This 
information show that tradeoff must be done between the main components
of the risk management .

The game rise a question about
risk  insurance .In the game,  the Assurance company   forces 
one to renew it assurance plan at every round .This suggest that risk
insurance must work with research 
result  in order to propose
equitable plan. The example that may happen is that a customer paid for
insurance  for risk that probability   of occurrence is given to be once a year .If
the risk occurs more than two times  ,
its not sure that the same customer will be able to renew his insurance .

The overall  lesson is that research is very important and
all activities of Disaster  Management
are inter related  , DRM is a
multidisciplinary  activity .

The game show efficiently the main component of Disaster management
and their linkages  . I would  suggest that the game  rates 
each activity  to make the player
know how less or how good he fulfilled the activity  of research 
, protection   or insurance.