5755335

The risk role of this game is natural disaster, comet from space to hit a settlement. A natural disaster is a major adverse event resulting from natural processes of the Earth; examples
include floods, volcanic eruption, earth, tsunami and other geologic processes. A
natural disaster can cause loss of life or property damage, and typically
leaves some economic damage in its wake, the severity of which depends on the
affected population's resilience or ability to recover. A Local Resilience Action Plan (LRAP) for disaster risk reduction. LRAP team is needs, insurance - catastrophic bonds. Insurance
to protect businesses and residences against natural disasters such as
earthquakes, floods and hurricanes, and against man-made disasters such as
terrorist attacks. These low-probability, high-cost events are generally
excluded from standard hazard insurance policies, and so catastrophe insurance
is required.I played the three times, i learned risk management with reference to financial resources. Planning for disaster management money is the key important instrument, both ex ante and post ante recovery process. Disaster risk assessment needs to consider financial vulnerabilities within the economy With disasters presenting potentially severe impacts, ensuring that the economy has the necessary financial resources to recover and rebuild is critical to growth and effective DRM. Country risk assessment therefore needs to consider financial impacts and their consequences for individuals, businesses and governments in light of their risk-bearing capacities.These efforts should complement the assessment of other types of vulnerabilities such as human, social, environmental and institutional and consider self-protection capabilities and coping capacities that can limit exposure, mitigate impacts and/or enable recovery. A comprehensive and integrated approach is required for financial strategies Risk financing and risk transfer tools such as insurance along with physical risk reduction serve to reduce financial vulnerabilities. It is thus important to ensure that the financial sector is sound and resilient, capable of delivering promised payments and financing in the event of a disaster. The development of private risk financing and transfer markets needs to be promoted where feasible as a mechanism for financial protection; this may require the development of innovative products and other instruments in countries where private markets are less developed. Parallel systematic efforts by governments to address broader post-disaster financial needs can be pursued. Public and private efforts need to be well coordinated so that incentives for private protection do not diminish, which could burden governments and crowd out private markets.	The game graphic is satisfactory because the images are message conveying, I suggest 4D graphics or more advance for future update. 