5759559

To succeed in this game it was necessary to decide what the greatest risks were to your pods and which investment represented the best chance for growth. Risks were represented by the comets, which could strike at any time (or miss) and potentially inflict damage. Risk mitigation was represented by the opportunity to purchase insurance, with varying prices available depending on general growth strategy. Growth was represented by the building and development of the pods. The main thing I learned from the game was that trusting the same method of risk management for each level does not work, as the risks one encounters are generally not the same in every situation. Hard work will get you as far as level 4, but to get further you have to think cleverly about each situation in terms of the actual risks at the time. There are certain actions that are always sensible, for example purchasing insurance, but others that are not, for example pouring money into the pods can lead to you developing your pods too quickly.I am not sure I understood in the later levels what the best method was to get further in the game, or what was wanted of me.Were I tasked with developing a new version of the game I would make it a street full of property with fluctuating prices, "disasters" such a infestations of mice and bedbugs, flooding and fires, development opportunities such as home improvements, extensions and gardens, and risk management options such as insurance, sandbags, and mousetraps. I might even include cups of sugary tea to add a light-hearted note which I think was missing from this production. I think this is a day-to-day scenario that is more intuitive to people and would be more easily understood. The problem I had with this game was that I didn't really know what it was that was driving the score and as a result I overdeveloped my pods but I am not quite sure how I could have known when enough was enough. I saw the metre go yellow and red but i didn't know what the correct action was, because I am not usually confronted with the need to build and protect space pods from comets and I didn't understand the difference between the various stages of development, and why one was better than another.This completes my thoughts on the matter and I feel adding a further 200 words would be wasting the reader's time and I hope I won't be penalised for keeping it simple. Thank you.