5773325

The game was a great learning experience. Risk management
was absolutely essential in the game because risk was inevitable. 

After two to three attempts, I realized that insurance is
working only after you build domes on land, so from further attempts,
immediately after analyzing first comet data, quickly I started building 2 to 3
domes and once the process of building started, I always opted for insurance to
recover sizeable amount from loss. It was also evident that first collision was
the fiercest and second was mild, whereas most of the time third and fourth
collision was avoided so after first collision, I used to get time to build
domes on remaining part of land. Only one disappointment for me was that
somehow I could not clear first stage so could not proceed to see next levels,
as after some attempts, there was message blinking that you are 151th
illuminator and there are several others in line. So I opted to exit from game.


KNOWLEDGE: (1) once you know that collision is inevitable,
your focus should be on how to protect planet and minimize damage, rather than
spending more time on gathering data. (2) Rather than leaving money unused at
the end of the game, it is better to spend them for development during game.

PROTECTION: Protection was utmost important action which
should consume maximum time out of 3 minutes of play. Lifting platform was the
most important task to ensure protection and to minimize damage.

INSURANCE: It was clear that first comet is bound to attack
on planet and damage was inevitable, so focus was shifted immediately to reduce
damage by (1) Insurance and (2) Lifting platform. 

Because of preparation for risk, I was not able to build
enough domes on land. My focus was on lifting platform for most of the time.
Truly, preparation for risk does not allow you to do development work
immediately. However, after taken care of risk, you can very well concentrate
on development.

I played game more than once and Main thing I learned that
it is not only gathering of knowledge about the event which is important, but
once you know that unfortunate event is bound to occur, the entire focus should
be on efforts to reduce damage.

If I would be part of developing a new version of game, I
would have tried to accommodate hint button so that while playing you take help
of hint button and can bring course correction in game, which would have
ensured better outcome.