5773104

Role of Risk Management in the game: Risk Horizon: In term of the role of risk management that the game portrays is that with better research, protection and insurances, eminent risks can be averted or their effects reduced. So risk management is important for a healthy sustainable development.  Choices:The game involves the player to think strategically about the balance between preparing for risk and investing in developing the community; but also thinking about the different risk management tools the player has at their disposal. The three strategies namely; the power of research, protection and insurance should be used in order to balance risk preparation and healthy development for completion of the various levels. Trade-offs:If the player spends too much on building and upgrading pods then the community will be exposed to comets when they hit. When the community sustains damage from comets the progress bar on development is decreased. On the other hand, the player spends too much on preparation for risk then the player will not have enough money to develop the community sufficiently to pass the level.  Preparations for Risks: It involves Immediately after the comet is spotted and Afterwards the comet strikes risk preparedness. The strategy involves Research. This enables a player to receive more time to create community connections right after the comet hits thereby boosting the protection level. The power of protection enables long term protection against the waves created by comet hitting the sea. By matching the level of protection with the severity of the comet, the player can prevent the pods from being damaged.  If it is observed that the comet has considerable severity that cannot be matched by the level of protection, one can opt for Insurance. By obtaining insurance, pods damaged from flooding will be cheaper to rebuild. After the shock the player can try to make some community connections by clicking as fast as possible to reduce the effect of the damage.1st Try:When I first played I put too much emphasis on development and little protection in order to cross the levels as quickly as possible however could not easily progress past level 2. The development was greatly impacted and even the repairs could not help me achieve the developments in order to cross the levels. Alternate plays:I realized that it is not enough to rely on development and little protection to cross the levels. I then tried to change my strategy. The strategy involved investing on development to the point that is sufficient to cross the level and investing heavily on long term protection and research. This strategy enabled me to cross level 4 with ease. However things became difficult with this strategy after Level 4. This could be attributed to the fact that development costs increased considerably as the community developed and the frequency of comets hitting increased considerably. Maintaining a high level of protection along with it did not leave any resources for community repairs and development required to cross the level. I invested on Insurances to ensure that the repair costs are lowered to have considerable amount of resources available for community repairs and development of the community. Things learnt:Sustainable community development can be achieved through development goals and better risk management.Community sharing enables better risk management after potential risk strikes.Even with considerable amount of Research and risk management preparedness, it is sometimes impossible to avert certain risks. Recommendations for newer version: The game neglects obstacles that might arise from within the community that might hinder development namely corruption, disease burden etc. 