5774207

1.      
The role of risk management in the game was to balance
the use of resources effectively between preventive, mitigation and coping
expenditure whilst still aggressively pursuing development opportunities in
order to reach growth targets.  Risks had
to be taken to ensure such growth.  Yet the
significance of these risks could be assessed according to the likely severity and
probability (through initial research), as well as further reduced through
protection and insurance (raising of the platform, insurance purchase/upgrades
and increased coping capacity through further research), thus allowing for
informed risk taking and higher payoffs. 
This strategy involved weighing up the potential for significant disaster
by initial research into severity and probability so as to inform the trade off
between further resource allocation to additional research on higher threat
disasters as well as increased protection and insurance, against that of
increased growth and development to meet targets.

2.      
On the first attempt I invested too heavily in
insurance and research and failed in round three.  In subsequent attempts I learned to conduct
initial research on all disasters to determine their likely significance.  Disasters with high severity and/or high
potential were then researched further (to a degree commensurate with the
potential significance) so as to allow for better coping should they occur and
thus reducing the potential loss in growth caused either by overspend on
prevention, mitigation and coping, as well as a lack of development.  Because it was fairly easy to reach the
growth target in the first two rounds, there was time left over to strategically
spend resources in a manner which lowered the overall risk of failure inherent
at the start of the next rounds.  This
strategy included the following actions:  

I increased the long-term protection
afforded by increasing the platform height greatly as this protection mechanism
could be carried across into the next levels.

I also used this opportunity to develop and
upgrade as much as possible, thus starting the next round with a greater
earning potential.

3.      
I would increase the scalability of the game by
adding the potential for establishing additional colonies.  This would add additional dynamics to the
game such differential impacts of disasters, trade accounts and financial/research
assistance between colonies.  Effectively
increasing the scale from “local/national” to “international/global”.