5775617



Game reflection

Role of risk
management in the game:

The role of risk management in the game is to develop
our community to the best of your ability while meeting certain milestones
along the way

Choice make and
trade-offs: 

-        
The first choice I make is the protection because even if your
pods are damaged, they will be damaged less if you are protected. This makes
them easier to repair.-        
The second choice I make is the research because the
more research, the more time you will have to prepare. So I spent more time on
research, especially for more severe comets.-        
 The last choice I make is the insurance because community
connections are a type of insurance. When disaster strikes, we each other
survive by sharing resources. Forming and sustaining connections is so valuableEffect of
preparation for risk:

Preparation is very important for risk management. It avoids
damage if time and resources permit or restrict it otherwise.

What I did differently
after the first time:

After the first time, I opted for the community
connection at the expense of insurance. Community connection can help for long
term protection and insurance. Connected neighbors and community organizations
help one another when a shock comes. So I connected my pods when a flood is
incoming. 

The main things I
learned from the game:

-        
Everything we do has cost, whether in time or
resources. Such it the way of the world, where nothing come easily-        
When a shock is imminent, it might be too late to
protect or buy insurance, but you can still make community connections. By
researching incoming comets, you will have more time to connect your pods,
raising your protection levelProposition to
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live:

The proposition I
would make for a better representation of the choice of risk management in
relation to the place I live is the following. It is important to be able to
manage the members of the community case by case basis when danger is imminent.
Indeed, in a community all members have not the same level of vulnerability. It
is often useful to save first the weakest before going to the strongest that
can fend for in so far of their ability.

