5775671

1.The risk management is to help prevent anyone fro both internal and external shocks which enables one to bounce back to normalcy after a disaster has occurred. if the properties were not insured it means one will have to go over all again with his development of the properties but with insurance it serves as a cushion. this risks that one is exposed to during the game, one realizes that one will have to start with the development process from the scratch which implies that if one does not have any amount of capital to start it all over again then the persons dream is shut. it becomes even more disastrous when one goes for a loan for his project.research enables one to know the risk that one is exposed to in a particular area that one  wants to develop and the severity of the risk that one is exposed to. this risk could be earth quake, flood, fires, famine etc. for the sake of the earth quake one has to ensure he develops his property to make sure it is earth quake resistant as well as resistant to flood and fires.immediately one has to fore go some amount of money which  could have been used for other investment but after some time when the properties are insured it pays off. since the properties are all insured it enables one to quickly bounce back to instead of starting all over again had one not insured his properties.2. When I played the game for the first time I had realized that
since I have not done much research about the type of disasters that my
properties will be exposed to and did not insured them I was highly hit and
affected when the disaster struck. This could be flood, earth quake, fire or even structural collapse.I made sure much research work is done before the
property development is done and also insured my properties.these research is in areas of the severity of risk exposed to, is the probability of the risk exposure high and the facilities available at my disposal to reduce the impact of the risk.  Much research needed
to be done for one to ascertain the type on risk one is exposed to. One has to
know the types of insurance packages that are available on the market and the
amount one has to invest in insurance to cover one from both natural and human
induced disasters.

3.The game only shows the severity of the damage but those not
show the type of risk one is exposed to at a particular time during the course
of the research done. The amount of insurance purchased move very slowly in
small amount hence the structures may not be fully insured before been hit by a
disaster also the amount of resistant to damage does not increase with time but
only moved to a bar hence the properties are not fully resistant as one would
wish. 

