5786861

1. What was the role of risk management in the game?The risk management ensuring the development of my small planet. So the planet can survive against the meteors througn the game.What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?I alwasy manage to reseraching the meteors, and match my ground level with the severenity of the meteor. The result is not dissapointing, I never get a massive damage. But on level 4 the growth is not fast enough so I can't pass the levelIn what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?I always preparing the risk management early in the game, to prevent something that I do not want. At least I am rising the ground to level 2. And I always researching meteors as early as they appear, but if the chance of that meteor hitting my planet is small I tend to ignore it and research another meteor.2.If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again?I will build and leveling 6 houses, so I can growth and pass the level 4. And at least I will buy the 50% insurance and I will not rising the ground level more the 5.Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time?I will focus on growth on the first time. Not rising the ground level if it is not needed. And buy insurance so if the meteor hit the ground I will recover quickly.What were the main things you learned from the game?Risk is real! And you need to prepare. But if you too focud on the risk you can growth fast enough so you will fall behind. The key is to balancing the act of risk management and the growth management so hopefully you can growth as fast as possible without risking your planet.3.The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?To adding more building for growth, not just house. I think house for growth is over simplified at least add building like farm or factory. And you can gain more growth from that farm or factory.PS: Sory for my grammar, english is not my mother tounge. I hope you understand.