5800790

Risk management in the game served as a means by which
development was achieved. As risk management processes became more advanced in the game, it allowed for the development of more elaborate buildings and ultimately more income that could have been re-invested into the development process. It also afforded the player the ability to strengthen their city's protection levels as well as to expand on the knowledge base of its virtual charges.In my many attempts at the game, I discovered the importance of striking balance and how difficult it truly was to achieve. Early on in the game, insurance and reinforcing
protection levels played prominent roles in my strategy.In my early attempts, I found it difficult to be able to match the required protection to the impending comet disaster. I tried to rely too heavily on the insurance aspect which often left me with too little time to recover. Increased protection
levels ensured that the comets did not devastate the buildings, which often
would prove costly (in terms of finances and recovery time). Often, a lack of
protection proved disastrous for development of the buildings in the game. Insurance ensured that losses were kept to a minimum in the event that the protection level was unable to withstand the intensity of the comet. As
the game progressed, however, it became necessary to ensure that a delicate
balance of knowledge, protection and insurance since it became increasingly more difficult to ensure that there was progress. Indeed, knowledge of the intensities of the various comets and increased protection levels became increasingly more important. Additionally, insurance premiums became more expensive as the game progressed which made it increasingly more difficult to purchase early in the respective levels. Thus it became necessary to ensure that the protection was of the highest quality or make sure that you were able to purchase the needed insurance before a major disaster had occurred. The main things I learned was that risk management is a vital tool for policymakers in the development process. I also learned that disasters tended to hit at the most inopportune times in the game, which highlighted the need for a stringent risk management strategy.If tasked with improving the game, I would include an agricultural aspect. This would allow the player to simulate a wider spectrum of disasters and would actually ground the game in a more humanistic manner. In the insurance aspect, there could be insurance for flooding as well as against pestilence. If the player has to ensure that the food supply of their virtual charges are not negatively impacted, it could provide them with the opportunity to be more empathetic if ever they reach the corridors of power and they are in a situation to affect positive change within their particular sphere of influence. 