5807503

The role of risk management in the game was to show how reduced the cost of rebuilding pods in case the was a meteor impact can be reduced depending on which actions were taken. It helps estimate the likelihood of an impact through research and close monitoring,it helps to reduce the likelihood of impact/flooding in the community. It also teaches how to better manage the time, resources available and make smart decisions in the event of a meteor impact/flooding. I made a choice to go for the highest insurance possible (75%) at the beginning being that I had the money to do so and the community had a high probability of impact of at least  2 time in each stage, this was also to help me reduce the cost of rebuilding. I got to realise that the more time and money I spent on risk preparation the more slowly development proceeded so I had to learn to balance my resources.I played the game more than once. My first game I was more focused on building as many pods as possible and I was not really mindful of the time and i did not check the information on the meteor. After the first trial, I realised that getting better insurance helped reduce costs of rebuilding when there was a meteor impact. The higher i lift the community where the pods where build the less likely the effects of flooding in the community because the meteors missed. This made me conscious of the level of the community above ground. The more information/research I had about the meteor helped me know when to gradually put in more effort in prevention before impact and when to concentrate more on building. To keep building and upgrading the buildings without risk management would always result in me never leaving level 1.I live near the sea and if I had to make a change to the game, keeping in mind the area where I live, I would include the option of being able to build the pods in the community on higher ground inland. The pods would be made in a place where the risk of flood is the least to as to reduce the cost of monitoring, rebuilding and insurance. the further away from the floding zone the more money it would cost to move the whole community. This way funds  I save from rebuilding can be directed to building and upgrading the pods to better develop the community.