5822427

                                                                             My reflections from the Risk Horizon game The “Risk Horizon” game can teach you how
to structure your risk management strategy and how to balance risk preparation
and healthy development. If you want to win the game, you should put your focus
on balancing the risk preparation and healthy development especially. My
experience is as follow: First, you can use your primary resources to build
four Alorian pods in order to increase your development rate. Second, use your
research power to learn about the severity and chance of hit of the comet
hitting in order to decide how to prepare for the shocks. Third, purchase the
insurance of 75% coverage for﹩175 in order to mitigate your damages and will be quicker and cheaper to rebuild your
damaged pods. Fourth, click and hold the protection slider
to raise your island. Fifth, if shocks occur, you should repair your damaged
pods in time. Sixth, it’s important to remember that
if your resource is enough to build or upgrade an Alorian pod, you should unhesitatingly
build or upgrade the Alorian pods to accelerate your development rate!  

 

This game tells me what effective risk
management is and how important is the risk management for healthy development.
The effective risk management is to combine capacity to prepare in advance with
ability to copy afterwards. 

 

The preparation in advance includes getting
information on risk and using that information to make judgments and take some
protection measures to mitigate damages brought by shocks. Just like in the “Risk
Horizon” game, you use your research power to learn about the severity and
chance of hit of the comet hitting, then purchase right insurance according to
your acknowledge of risk and press the protection slider to raise your island. 

 

Even you get full preparation, but not all
shocks can be prevented and some of them are still coming, so you also need to
be able to cope afterwards. Coping actions could include using whatever other
protection and insurance arrangements are in place and then updating your
protection measures. Just like in the “Risk Horizon” game, you can use insurance
payment to repair the damaged pods or to upgrade the pods. 

 

In order to explain effective risk management
better, let me take the Wenchuan earthquake as an example. In May 2008, a very
large earthquake of magnitude 7.8 on the Richter scale hit the Wenchuan county
in Sichuan province of China and took away 69,000 people, and among unfortunate
death of 69,000 people many were students who were attending class. The huge
damage is just the outcome of risk management failure. First, the preparation
in advance was of lack severely, even was not there any preparation. Especially
the school building quality was too low to resist the earthquake, and that made
many students die from building collapsing. Second, the coping actions
afterwards were in chaos and that influenced the effectiveness of rescue severely.
So, I think, China government should learn a lesson of effective risk management
from Wenchuan earthquake and take some powerful steps to promote the quality of
school building.   The key is that the focus of effective risk
management is not only on the restoration of damages brought by shocks, but
also more on the healthy development. You should endeavor to get a higher level
healthy development through effective risk management. The effective risk
management can accelerate a healthy development, and a healthy development can
provide you enough resources in turn to promote your risk management level, and
then the community will be in a beneficial cycle.