5825581

RISK HORIZONE. I have learned
a momentous lesson in a fun way.

By Juan Antonio Andara 

(juanandara@gmail.com)

Under the Risk Management Course, sponsored by
the World Bank in Coursera network, I received a great lesson. Experience in
risk management game RISK HORIZONE allowed me to experience important aspects. First, it is the requirement to hold the balance between the developments of
the village, the level of insurance and the level of knowledge about meteorites
approaching the planet. It included also coping with the events once they shock
the village to maintain the health of the system. 

The game requires making trade-offs between
investing in Knowledge, Protection or Insurance to manage risks. Also it had an
impact on the decisions: the probability of collision, the ability to damage
the meteorite and the vulnerability of the area.The integrated action of all these elements was
dynamic and complex character. Especially, since it demanded levels of
achievement in a short period of time. Second, the needs to be monitoring the
possible impacts of meteorites at sea, affecting growth village. Not all
meteorites were as likely to impact the planet. For this reason, meteorites did
not require the same attention. Those who were more likely to impact and higher
level of damage should have more attention and research.

Third, once occurring impacts of meteorites in
the sea, the game required a significant reaction to the event. The object of
this action was to reduce the damage to the houses. According to the level of
damage inflicted to the structures, I had to come to invest in repairing
investing resources that I could have been used for development of the area. 

The level of insurance allowed making the
decision to invest according to the stage of the game and the corresponding
danger level. To the extent that I increased levels of the game, in that action
was required to invest much more in the level of insurance, diverting
development resources to pay for the growing demand for security.

It is a virtue of the game, providing the
experience of variables simultaneously handle risk management in order to
achieve further development, with the risks involved in its management. Any
error or imbalance in decision always hit the level of development and
integrity of the area. 

If I had played once, I have had worse results
than I had. I understood that risk management requires practice to understand
how to balance the elements that affect their dynamics. I learned that risk
management in complex, dynamic and successive responds to changing conditions.
And it should be decided properly or undesirable events happen.

I find it surprising that so far has not
integrated risk management to the management of development, since their impact
is direct and real. Not a game. The limited consideration of the risk levels of
development in each action has brought very negative consequences for many
countries. RISK HORIZONE is a game that can experience it without risking
resources and people, letting you learn a great lesson in a fun way.

In my country, the entire population is affecting
by occurrence of rain or drought. Therefore, I should replace the meteoroids by
clouds or sun, indicating drought or rainfall events in order to make decisions
based on them. 

Another important aspect is that in my country
public institutions are very weak. Therefore people in very high grade,
survives by his own efforts. Often, they depend on support from the community.
I would add to the game the ability to create networks of support among the
community as a key aspect to deal with risk.

 