5825993

Risk management according
to investopedia is defined as the process of identification, analysis and
either acceptance or mitigation of uncertainty in investment decision-making. Risk management in this game is playing the role of acquiring
knowledge (research) and putting in protective measures while also mitigating
the impact of lose in form of insurance. During the game, I had to choose
whether to invest in more research, gain more protection, pay maximum insurance
or develop the neighborhood. I found myself spending more on insurance and
research. Reason being, when I paid the maximum on insurance, it reduced the cost
of repairing against damage caused. And the more I spent on research, I found
that I understood the impact the meteors would cause which in turn helped me
decide which protection measure to take. In trying to prepare for risk, I found
that development was slow because I had to split the resources between research
and development. Striking a balance on what to spend on was really challenging.


The first time I focused more on trying
to develop the land at a go and gaining protection. However, the second time
around I narrowed down to three projects, spent more on research and insurance all
the while trying to put in protective measures. I realized that the fewer
projects I invested in at a go, the more resources I had to spend on upgrades and
research.

Overall, I learnt that in as much as
research, protection and insurance are all important components of risk
management, it is not always possible to invest in all of them at once. This is
so because limitations in resources come in and there is need to decide and
weigh the options on which one you would want to invest in first or rather how
much you are willing to spend for either one of them. I found it more rewarding
to focus on research and developing the land at a go because the research
helped in understanding how much protection my investment needed. I also went
for the full insurance premium because once my projects suffered damage or
shock, I was able to repair them at a much lower cost than if I had spent less
on insurance i.e. putting in place coping mechanisms.I think insurance is a form of
protection, as such I would recommend the two are not separated but rather embedded
in one feature.

 

 

 

 