5831871

1
What was the role of risk management in
the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you
confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what
ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or
after some time)?
The role of risk management in the game
centered around building, insurance and research of the incoming
comets. The trade-offs centered on brisk building costs offset by
high insurance costs to then study the comet approaching. Continual
building was required in order to move forward in the game while the
setbacks could be mitigated by research which gave you more time to
lessen the damage. The high insurance cost could be dealt with by
buying early in the round when it was cheaper due to the lower value
of the property. The more building you did drove up the cost of the
insurance as a whole. The rate of wealth was steady while the comets
severity could change radically. Several misses could create a window
of opportunity to meet your goal. The flip side was as the comets hit
steadily you had no increase in wealth to catch up during the round.
Insurance was the only way to lessen the rebuilding process and
research gave you more of a chance to lessen the heavy damage.
Raising the level of the property seemed to be counter productive
with the time constraints.
2
If you played the game only once, what
would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively,
if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently
after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the
game?
I played the game multiple times
because I am conservative by nature while the game required an
aggressive approach. Acquiring wealth was not paced with the amount
of devastation that could be unleashed on the properties. For
instance I had a 70% destruction with 75% insurance and there was no
time to rebuild and meet your goal. In such a scenario you would need
a faster wealth pace and a longer time horizon.  I definitely learned
to change the rate of insurance buying to early in the round and
research of the sever comets for longer periods created the best
results. Building aggressively also became a focus of the game as you
saw how important it was to going to the next round. 

3
The game captures, in a simplified way,
some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or
add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you
live?
Auburn, California would have less risk
of catastrophic happenings in the time horizon. Auburn does not
experience catastrophic events generally of any kind. The game would
need to allow for less severe outcomes  and the insurance and
research costs could come way down. Meeting and maintaining the
building requirements would be much more attainable due to the new
risk averse model. The big change to the game for Auburn would be
releasing water to So. California during a drought. Managing the
contracts to allow for this expected risk would be my change in the
game for this area. If the resevoirs were able to build up over the
lean years, the area would have not problem meeting the demands for
water in the region. Due to the contracts created to keep the water
flowing out of the reservoirs, their purpose is negated. Our game
focus would be on water flow management.
