5834600

Risk Horizon – Game Reflection

1.      
What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did
you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge,
protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development
(immediately, or after some time)?

The role of this risk management game was
to illustrate the need to think strategically about the balance between preparing
for the risk of waves resulting from falling comets, and the potential resultant
damage, and investing in developing the community of Alora. 

This required a trade-off between knowledge
i.e.  actions to improve understanding of
possible shocks and their potential outcomes, protection i.e. actions to reduce
the probability or magnitude of losses from negative shocks and insurance i.e. actions
to transfer resources to those most in need in bad times.

 Initially I focused on the knowledge obtained from
comet classification to allow me to build and upgrade pods without buying
insurance or raising the island to provide protection. Once I had established a
sufficient rate of pod development I started to raise the island, and if
required I purchase an insurance policy, based on the knowledge garnered from comet
classification. In terms of the pod development I tried to upgrade existing
pods as early as possible as they were more robust than newer pods, and hence
less susceptible to damage from waves.

The preparation for risk resulted in the
suspension of development at intervals, while I concentrated on protection and
knowledge, but ultimately helped me progress to Level 4 as I was minimally
affected or not all by the subsequent waves due to having the requisite
protection and insurance in place.

 

2.      
If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if
you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main
things you learned from the game?

It took me a number of attempts to reach
Level 4 and each time I experimented with different tactics such as concentrating
on protection, concentrating on insurance, building a large number of incomplete
pods simultaneously and building a small number of substantially completed pods
simultaneously. By learning from each combination I was eventually able to
succeed. 

The main things that I learned were the
importance of gathering knowledge on comet classification as early as possible
to inform the time available to focus on pod development,  the need to develop a few pods as much as
possible, rather than developing a fewer number to a lesser degree, the need  for insurance when there wasn’t sufficient
time to have enough protection in place for imminent waves and the requirement
to maintain a sufficiently high level of development, even when addressing
protection and insurance requirements. In addition, with each filled in notch I
received more time to create community connections right before the comets hit,
helping boost my protection.

3.      
The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk
management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game,
which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

I would include multiple types of protection e.g. a more cost efficient protection measure such as a reinforced wall around the perimeter of the island, to illustrate that
there is often more than one solution/measure to alleviate a problem. 