5835993

Question: If you played the game only once,
what would you do differently if you were to play it again? 

 Answer: I played the game only once, but
I spent more than 2 hours to find the management and the functions of  the controls. As I´m not a video game player,
it was very difficult to find how to manage these controls (research,
protection and insurance). Only at the tenth attempt, after losing level 1
several times, that I started to understand how to find the balance among these
three controls and succeeded in wining level 1 and level 2, to get 5% score. I
felt discouraged to advance up to level 4 or more, because I have other home assignments from other courses to do and cannot spend another 2 hours. If I were to play it
again, I will put a chronometer by my side to see how long I have to hold the
protection button, until what level of the research should I watch the comet,
and which plan insurance to buy to build a strategy that result in more missed comets
and less hits. Despite the FAQ explains everything (I had just found it, I
didn´t read it before playing the game), I suggest that for the next version, a
short video showing someone playing the game and giving some hints should be included to help
participants like me.

Another version that came to my mind is to change the
scenario to a city/village environment, with inhabitants (like a soccer game
with players, as the ones that my nephews play) facing a natural disaster and
being prepared for it. Besides reproducing a known environment, where the
players can feel better their selves facing the dangers, that is, the risks,
and so protecting themselves using the available resources or looking for
international aid, it´s much more interesting than pods and comets. 

 

Reflection: It´s amazing to realize that the
game reproduces some of the tools/obstacles to face risks as taught in the
course: incentives, information (in the game represented by research), behavior,
overconfidence, short memory, resources, uncertainty (in the game represented
by insurance and protection). I feel confident to say that after watching some
examples in the course (Bangladesh, Chile, Ghana, and other countries):
prevention is better than cure. By preventing, the material cost is less, and
the human lives saved are priceless.

This is all that I can say as my reflection after these
two first weeks of this excelent course. 