5839380

REFLECTIONS FROM THE RISK HORIZON GAME

What was the role of risk
management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you
confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

This game,  a real time strategy game that teaches how and
why risk management is important for healthy development, show the role of risk
management as a task of  developing  ones community to the best of abilities while
meeting certain milestones along the way. (Balancing between growing in the community
and preparing for potential shocks). In
fact, in this game we have to manage with several parameters

The
choices I mad are to protect efficiency pods, and trade-offs assuming responsibility
to lose some money (dollars) in order to protect pods for comets dangers (falling
comets shocks). Theses choices and trade-offs, Balance Risk Preparation and healthily
Development was confronted in terms of:

-  The
power to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the
time until impact, and the severity of the comet (The Power of Research);

-  Our
long term protection against the waves (The Power of Protection);

-  By
obtaining insurance, pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and cheaper to
rebuild (The Power of Insurance).

Finally, it’s
clear that the “Preparation for risk” affects development after some time. 

If you played the game only once,
what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if
you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? What were the main things you learned from the game?The only once played game, If I would play the game merely
differently (not a “crisis fighter”). I would develop strategies (becoming “proactive and systematic risk managers.”). Indeed,
playing stroke of luck without strategies is not rational. One of The main
things I’ve learned that is “everything we do has some cost, whether in time of
resources, such is the way of, the world, where nothing come easy”.

 

The game captures, in a
simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk
management choices that matter in the place you live?I should change tutorial and I should add how to earn money or “life”
and the clear feedback. For changing to better representation of the risk
management choices in my place of living is the human being in general and
vulnerable people (children and women).