5854036

The Risk Horizon game offered an engaging way to examine the balancing act between development and risk management - though it did require some practice the fully understand the components of the game and how they interact.The role of risk management in the game is to prepare for shocks - in this case the comets - and be able to cope with the after-math of a strike (by repairing pods if required, for example).  The preparation takes the form of acquiring knowledge (by researching the comets), building protection (to raise the island) and acquiring insurance (available in various coverage levels).  I started by building pods and raising protection as fast as I could, then researched the threats (comets) as they appeared.  The trade-off was that not all tasks could be performed at the same time, so priorities needed to be established.  The preparation for risk affected development after some time, not immediately - ultimately, I did not know when comets would appear or how severe a shock they could pose, but the preparation ensured I was ready to manage the risk.After three attempts, I managed to progress to level 5, though I am keen to push further!  In my earlier attempts, I made use of insurance, which ate up precious resources, thereby limiting the funds available for development.  As I gained more experience with the game, I learned that raising protection to levels at least as high as the threat posed by the comets offered adequate protection, so that I could continue to focus on building the community and strengthening ties.  That said, I understand that insurance may be required in the most advanced level of the game, as the stakes are higher - more severe comet hits with potential to cause greater financial damage in the developed community.The main things I learned from the game are: 1) you cannot be afraid to develop early - taking too conservative an approach to risk (e.g., buying too much insurance in the early levels, or spending too much time researching minor threats) will take away from building a sustainable community, which is the ultimate objective. 2) The focus should be on raising protection and researching threats commensurate with their severity, saving insurance for the largest threats, which are more difficult to manage (i.e., the concept of disaster insurance).The game is indeed a simplified risk management exercise, but an effective one to contemplate risk.  I live in North America, so the island example is not as relevant for me - nor are falling comets for that matter!  To better represent the risk management choices where I live, I would suggest changing the threats from comets to excessive rainfall which causes flooding - a phenomenon which has unfortunately become more common in recent years.  An earthquake shock could be another viable threat.If several changes were permitted, it would be interesting to explore the game in the context of climate change.  The threat could be global warming and more extreme weather events (e.g., natural disasters) - instead of building pods, players could choose between different investments in energy, for example green energy sources, to reduce the risk.  The trade-off here would be that other energy sources, which are not clean, might be financially cheaper.  Insurance could still be available to mitigate natural disasters.  Of course, that would require a lot of change, which is not the objective here - though I think it would make an interesting exercise.Thank you for introducing an interactive way to look at risk management - I enjoyed the game, and look forward to playing it again!