5859270

Week 2 Game ReflectionThis game allowed me to apply the analytic framework introduced in the class,in a very simple setting. While the scenario was simple, the game allowed me to apply all the elements of the risk framework, namely, knowledge,insurance, protection, risk taking and industry. First time I played I did not have a clue what was happening andwhy they were happening. Real world is uknowable in its entirity and futureis and always unknowable. Life and any endeavor in a comples world is always risk prone and unpredictable. We do not always know everything we need to know.This game forced me to operate in a competitive world with imperfect information.Then, I devoted some time to how to play and I related to the following dimensions of the game: a limited time, predictably ticking down to zero, limited number of credits, unpredicatable comet events, insurance, repair, recover, coping and resource allocation.Based on this knowledge, I bought insurance, to protect in the event the comets destroyed my asset (pod).I realized buying insurance dampened the effect of destruction after a comet crashed.How I spent the time also mattered I could focus on the comet as they moved orspend that time building the pods. This was also an exercise in Resource allocation. Maintaining a healthy reserve to pay for repairs and recover from damage is essential. Buying too many pods without reserve slowed down recovery. This is very similar to "emergency fund" or a rainy day fund. Maintaininga healthy reserve prevented us from deploying all the resources at hand (100% utilization is notachievable and it is not effective in the long run) however, in the event of a calamity the emergency fund allowed me to quickly recover and resume growth. Buying protection in the form of insurance allowed me to limit the damage due to unpredictable events and gracefully cope withthe aftermath.Then I tried to identify the factors that affect the outcome.Where I bought the pod "location of the pod", did not appear to have any impact on the damage.I did not have to consider geographical diversity. It is possible I might have fared well in an example involving capital markets but the unfamiliarity of the game reinforced the value oflearning and knowledge. I can see how this game could have a constructive effecton farmers and people without exposure to capital markets to quickly understand the value ofprotection, knowledge, insurance, coping, risk taking, resource allocation.