5870463

Game Reflection

 

 

It is risky to take risk sometimes;
riskier to take risk most times, but the riskiest thing to do is not to take
risk at all. 

 

As the World Development Report (WDR) 2014 maintains, beyond risks are
often opportunities. Reaching those opportunities, however, will always require
confronting the risks that block one away from opportunities that lie beyond.

 

Such is a scenario in the “Risk Horizon”
game. In the game lies an opportunity to develop an island community by
developing pods, and building a well-developed settlement. In the course of the
development work, there is systemic risk posed by “comets.” In order to proceed
with building this community, I had to put in place a mechanism for managing
the risk posed by falling comets.

 

I had to decide how to properly manage
this risk. From the risk management framework presented in the WDR 2014; I
adopted the framework of using knowledge, protection, and insurance in order to
manage the risks posed by comets.  

 

The role of risk management in the game
was to assist me proceed with development while managing the risks that I
faced. Through knowledge, I sought information on every single comet – its
severity, chances of hit, etc. This research was made in order to allow me
decide the level of protection I needed prior to each comet striking. With the
right protection, a strike of each comet left “no damage”, and I continued my
development work. With the proper insurance, I would easily recover from a
shock, by rebuilding damaged pods within a short period of time. 

 

Risk management is a delicate process,
and must involve making choices along the development process. Throughout the
game, I had to make choices on whether I needed to seek knowledge, get insured,
or protect myself. Most often, I made a choice of seeking knowledge on each
comet before deciding on my level of protection. If, for instance, a comet’s
severity was well below by current level of protect, I would opt not to seek
additional protecting, as it would increase my protection cost. 

 

I played the game more than once. What I
did differently during my succeeding plays was to invest more time into
research, in order to seek appropriate insurance and protection. 

 

My community is often threatened by
floods, and if I were to develop a new version of this game, I would change the
comets to floods that would destroy the community. By using a risk that is real
in my community, every member of the community playing the game will appreciate
the importance of risk management.   

 

 

 

 

 