5874023

The Strategic Planning Approach for Alora

Risk
management is a key and strategic planning tool for the development of Alora. It
comprises the accumulated knowledge about the recurrent and expected shocks resulting
from the infrastructure damage caused by comets. The game indeed constitutes a
model of a real life situation on a planet such as Alora.

=The Model.-

Risk
management is elegantly built within the game. The principal parameters/
components of a comprehensive risk management strategy are the elements to be
dealt with in the context of a wider model involving three key dimensions:
Technology, Economics and Institutions. 

=The
Trade-Offs.-

Protecting
Alora is based on the cost-benefit analysis of Protection, Knowledge and
Insurance, in order to mitigate the impact of comets and thus to avoid the
risks of destruction. The balanced allocation of resources is critical within
the strategic risk management approach. It is understood that protecting the
built-physical infrastructure of Alora is based on investing in: 1.- “knowledge
and technology”, which addresses risk assessment and an evaluation of potential
damage based on the evaluation of the size and energy of the comets; 2.- “Protection”
of the existing infrastructure (e.g., improved building codes); and 3.- “Insurance”
that should be considered an investment and a component of risk preparation/
prevention and guaranteed resilience.

=The
Learning.-

And since
resources in the game and in the real life are scarce, economic and technical
tradeoffs are made to achieve the development of Alora’s planet and society. The strategic risk management model has been clearly understood through playing the game.

=The Game.- 

I enjoyed
the game, once I had a full screen. At first, I had problems with my browser
which prevented me from following the instructions. I opened a different
browser and then I was able to take the tutorial and play the game. 

I am not a
good player of this type of games. In fact, I played it repeatedly and was not
able to go beyond Level 2. But I did understand, clearly, the role of the components
and the tradeoffs involved. I hope to be able to extrapolate from the game to
real decision-making in practical life, and to pay more attention to the “risk”
element while matching it with the appropriate levels of insurance to be purchased.

=Improving
the Game.-

The game
itself is a simplified model consisting of three main parameters (Knowledge, Insurance,
Protection), but the choices/ trade-offs are being made by the player alone. That
is a single person. The game may need to see how to make it more realistic in
terms of involving a discussion between a Decision-Maker (Policy maker) an
Expert (Scientist) and a Citizen of a city or community affected by the shock.

A more
elaborate version of the game may need to address issues of prosperity in addition
to resilience. 

 