5885984

1

What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

 

In this game, there are
risks of attack from comets and increased water level. Objective of the game
was to develop adequate pods with limited resources and tackling the risks for
survival. Unless these risks are managed either by protection or mitigated
through insurance, the chance of survival is not there. Knowledge about the
risks was helpful in identifying the extent of risk so that necessary
mitigating strategy could be adopted.

 

While protection and
insurance were costing money, knowledge was halting the development ie,
excessive investment in anyone was eating out the resources required for
development of pods. Therefore, a balance among all three is required to result
into sustainable development.

 

 

2

If you
played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it
again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

 

I have played the game
several times. In each time, I tried to make different levels of protection,
insurance and knowledge to see which combination is better and taking me to
further levels. Core learnings from this game are as under:

 

(a) Since, comet
properties are varying in each game, there is no fixed strategy to success.
However, each new game gave a better insight into making a balance in three
factors of protection, insurance and knowledge.

 

(b) The game very
emphatically conveys the message that it is the right mix of all knowledge,
protection and insurance that leads to growth. Over-reliance on any one aspect
or ignorance of even one is disastrous. 

 

 

(c) Another important
lesson from the game was importance of timely decisions. Since, the development
was yielding money gradually and comets’ movement was unpredictable, it was important
when to invest money for insurance when for protection or growth of pods. 

 

(d) In few chances, when
I had bought insurance but there was no damage from the comet, it was thought
the insurance money is in waste. This should not be the case in real life. A
minimum insurance cover must be taken by each individual for different kind of
risk one is exposed to depending upon his earning capacity and growth needs.
This should help him in recovering the losses faster at reduced cost.

 

 

3

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

 

When the game was ending,
one has to restart from the Level-1. Given a chance, I would like to have an
option to start from an earlier level afresh. In other words, if one failed in
Level-4, one should have the option to start from Level-1, 2 or 3. For this,
though, some cost could be levied.

 

This change is similar to
the real life risk in any business enterprise. A poor risk management or wrong
decision, does not always lead to zero, rather recovery can be made from
somewhat earlier position. 

 

 