5893358

Risk managementA fair amount of time was used in trying to gain knowledge
about the interactions among the various elements of the game – the risk of
comet impact, the severity of impact, the role of research, the value of protection
and insurance, etc. However, I had the impression that much of the knowledge
could only be gained by trial and error, which does not seem to be consistent
with real life. In real life you have the possibility to analyze risks based on
historical information, to prioritise risks, and to take preparatory measures
to reduce certain risks and minimize the impacts of other priority risks. Also,
it was never entirely evident how to maximize the links between structures after
an impact.Clearly, the earliest possible research about incoming
comets was helpful, more insurance reduced damages, more protection reduced the
severity of the impact and more time to make links between structures helped to
reduce damages, but it was not clear whether more money in the bank helped in
any way when the final comet hit, and it was never clear (especially in levels
2 and 3) what factors really contributed to getting the protection bar to stay
green.Knowledge or research about comets only seemed helpful to a
certain point, and I was not able to establish a correlation between
risk*severity of impact and protection*insurance. I came to understand that
maximum insurance was only useful in the event of a severe impact, but only if
it was not too close to the end of the session so I would still have time to
rebuild after my houses were damaged.Playing the game againI played the game “once” but repeated level 1 about 15
times, succeeded at level 2 about 4 times, and succeeded at level 3 only once,
at which point I was ready to move on. My strategy tended, after several tries,
to quickly build as many houses as I could, which helped to earn income,
research comets as early as possible, then try to adjust the elevation of the
island and the insurance level to the combined risk and severity of the impact,
while reinforcing houses as money was available. It took some time to associate
the level of comet research with the time available to establish links between
structures, to learn how to establish links and to understand the possible
value of links, which is still not entirely clear.I’m really not sure what I would do differently if I were to
play again in order to better understand the links between knowledge,
protection and insurance. I have the feeling that I have already tried most of
the possibilities, although I might see if I could do entirely without
insurance. One thing I would certainly do, if permitted, would be to contact
others who have played the game and share experiences.Revising the game















If I were to make one key change in the game, it would be to
provide a bit of additional information or a hint each time the player
succeeded or failed at a given level. In real life, whenever you are hit with a
disaster you learn something, whether the damage is mild or severe. For
example, you could have a link to hints in three categories: knowledge,
protection and insurance. And each time you succeeded or failed at a given
level you could select one of those categories for a new hint. Over time you
would gradually gain the knowledge and experience necessary to complete the game
at level 6, just as in real life you would accumulate the data and knowledge
not to survive every disaster unscathed, but to greatly minimize the impacts of
disasters when they struck.