5897260

1.The game scenario involved building buildings in a certain space and upgrading them within a certain time limit while at the same time protecting them from meteors that crashed into the water and caused damage . We also had the option of buying insurance . Another advantage that we could research the properties of the meteor to  minimise the damage caused .The role of risk management in the game was to simultanoeusly assess these different parts of the game to successfully build our buildings and save them from disaster - both foreseen and sudden. I chose to upgrade my initial building upto level 3 and then made a few more.I chose the best insurance after doing my research on the meteors ( 75% coverage ).I researched the asteroids based on their power to strike and therefore adjusted my protection level as well .The preparation for risk started affecting development after some time . It got a little harder to develop as the level increased .2.If i played the game again this time i would focus more on developing new buildings and constantly upgrading them as well as i got out on level 4 . I would pay more attention to the progress bar on the left hand side of the screen to make sure it gets full . As i now have some experience i can plan out well in advance and minimise the money i use on the protection as well the insurance to an optimum level so that i have more cash available for upgrading buildings and constructing new ones .The main things that i learned from the game are-* we must develop our assets gradually in a way that is in tune with the environment while reaching our goals*we must get an appropriate amount of insurance coverage for our assets based on the risk involved* the we must have an appopriate amount of surplus funds and guarantees or other forms of protection as well*the problems faced may be sudden or foreseen-adequate research must be done on the same*time is of the essence-we must spend it wisely*split-second decisions are a part of our daily routine3.If i was tasked with developing a new version of the game and i could change one thing about it,i would change the protection option on the right hand side of the screen.Personally,it was not of much use and was very vague in its representation of protection. I dont see what it represents in real life and what kind of risk it protects against exactly. Instead i would put in a transparent looking roof above the asset area to represent a shield of sorts . I feel that is a better representation . It could show how damaging various forces can be to our assets in a more visual manner through cracking of the shield and maybe even it breaking.This would really improve the game for others and make it have a better impact on risk management.