5898950

Risk management was appropriately the main focus of the game. 

The meteors give us risk, the insurance lowers this risk and
the protection also lowers the risk but in a different way. Buying multiple pods encourages a support system, and encourages multiple investments, although not to the extent I would like (I will touch on this later). In this game we must evaluate how to manage
our risk in order to appropriate our money into investments, whether that is
direct investment in the pods, or for insurance and investment. 

I played
the game twice, the first time I was testing it out. On my first try, I always
kept 75% (best possible) insurance. I didn’t always need it, although I
definitely believed it was worth it, I could spend less time on research as I
didn’t feel research was all that necessary. I had a hope for the best, expect
the worst mentality. 



The second
time I played it, I didn’t hold such a mentality, I was more willing to take on
risk, and I didn’t use as much defense unless I felt like I completely needed
it, I stuck with the insurance and held onto it if need be.  The extra money I didn’t spend on insurance
was used up.  Something I noticed while
not using up this money was that the insurance I had was kept to myself. 



Something
interesting: I often used my protection as an insurance, and looked at
insurance as a protection, I was less likely to buy insurance if I had a large
amount of protection, even though it usually is the other way around. The
reason for this is that insurance is a large initial investment, and I’d rather
spend that investment on pods in order to increase my money and my green bar. 

Because I
kept money to myself the second game more than the first it could be said that
insurance allowed myself to invest instantly, therefore promoting economic
progress, which was not the situation the second time I played. 

In order to improve the game, I would allow insurance to
cost more, because I currently believe the game is set so insurance is highly
preferable. Also, I believe that multiple investments are not encouraged enough,
because meteors destroy all pods, which is not often the case in real life (ex.
why investors often diversify their stock portfolio). 

In review, I enjoyed the game a lot more than I thought I
will, and may play it a couple more times after submitting this review. 





