5916846

It is amazing how much
you can learn about risk management only by playing a simple game. When I saw
that this week's assessment will consist in playing this game I thought it will
not be big deal, but actually it was an efficient way of making
some practice on what we studied so far. 

I think that the role
of risk management in this game managed to summarize the entire essential
elements which have to be taken into account in a real life situation.  I had to make many tradeoffs, choosing between
protection and development, the best equilibrium between protection, knowledge
and insurance. Preparing for risk affected the way development advanced because
I had to use many for preparation, money that I could use instead for
improvements, slowing my progress in the game. Also the decisions had to be
taken fast, because the time was going off quickly. 

Second time when I
played the game I used the ability of making research more often, in order to
make a decision regarding if I should use my resources for development or
protection. But all these were using my time, and focusing on so many facets in
a short time was pretty demanding.

I learned from this
game that risk management is not as easy as it seems when it is discussed just
theoretically. Moreover, it is very important to understand how protection,
insurance, research affect the development and to weight the decisions
carefully, prioritizing the most important actions. I also learned that
protection gives you a lot of confidence and sometime we have the tendency of
just protecting ourselves and not using insurance or research to gain more
information and knowledge. But this extra protection will just cause a slow
development rate, making things progress slower. I also learned that first time
it is not possible to make it perfect, and the way to perfection means trial
and error. Making decisions and then observe their effect. If the decision
brings good results that decision will be taken more often, otherwise it will
be not taken anymore and other options will be explored.

If I would be supposed
to develop a new version of the game I would make it a bit closer to the real
life situations that people confront with in the area where I leave. It would
make them realize much better how important risk management is and they will
understand that the choices they make and the decisions they take regarding
this are extremely important to avoid the cruel effects of shocks and to be
able to purse opportunities for development.   