591675

The purpose of the Risk Horizon game is to develop the “Alora” community,
while meeting certain milestones for development. There are 6 levels to the
game; but I did not succeed in completing all 6 levels. The game allowed me to understand
the value of balancing risk preparation and healthy development. “Alora” is at
the risk of falling “comets”, i.e. “shocks”, and  “waves” i.e. the subsequent impacts. At core to succeeding in the game was to
set and achieve a balance between growing the “Alora” community and preparing
for these potential shocks and associated impacts. However,
this balance comes at a cost. Preparing for shocks
and creating tradeoffs among the different elements of risk preparation cost money. Another constraint worthy of mentioning was “time”; we were on the clock! Risk preparation does affect development. Preparing for risks, and the possibility of coping
with impacts, paves the way for development; it creates the necessary cultivating environment
for development. Progress is not tangible right away, but it is in prolonged continuous risk management that
development can be achieved. It is worth noting nonetheless, that risk
management and development are commensurate. During my
first attempts at the game, I was so wary of managing the risks, that I forgot
the primary purpose, which is “development”. Risk management serves development, in preparing and
coping with approaching shocks. I lost track of the main goal, but only
addressed approaching threats. I failed to
appreciate the underlying trade-offs between development and the elements of
risk preparation which exist to serve development as a primary aim, and not
just to eliminate threats and their consequences. When I played
the game again, I made sure to focus on development, while preparing and coping
with risks as they occurred. I had to pay attention to two things:(1) the
development bar, to keep close watch on the development progress; and (2) The
approaching commits, to check the severity, the chance of hit, and how much
info is known about each. For starters,
my main aim was to develop pods to meet the required development
milestones. During this development process, I “kept my eyes on the horizon”,
while looking out for those approaching “commits”. At core to this was to make sure
that the preparation efforts are well in place. I kept monitoring the approaching commits, and making
sure that the degree of severity matches the protection measures put in place. I purchased sufficient
insurance coverage, which
would assist in coping with the shocks and avoiding significant
consequences to the ongoing development efforts. Research was also
a core constituent in preparation, serving to provide the
pertinent knowledge to understand these shocks, their conditions and potential
outcomes, thus reducing related uncertainties; it also created
community connections, and this reflected the collective role of all parties in risk management.The game was a good “model” that allowed
us to put into practice the acquired principles concepts of risk management. This game
surely reflected the trade-offs and synergies involved in risk management for
development. It provided a good tool to understand the concepts acquired during
weeks 1 2 of this course, in an interactive and fun manner. Following
this game, I am confident that I have fully acquired the basic concepts of
risk management. I understood the importance of risk preparation, in that all three
elements of “protection”, “research” and “insurance” serve development and
pave the way for a growing environment and community. All we need to do is keep
our eyes out on the horizon, while keeping at core the importance of
development as a primary aim, which all other elements stand to serve. All elements
of risk management are well represented in this game; however, what the game does not cater for is
the presence of two or more simultaneously occurring risks. This would in fact
add complexity to the game, but it is interesting to see this happen.

