593002

1. The role of risk management was in preparation for the risk (from the comets) that can happen. We had to choose how to spend resources - for building community, insurance, protection, etc. Trade-offs were made between development of new plot and  upgrading of existing one (or upgrade of a more developed to less developed), we also had to trade-off insurance and protection. And higher level of protection had to be traded off to upgrading plots (as there was a much higher cost).Preparation for the risk affected development after some time in early stages of game as affect could be seen after impacts of comets, but immediately on later levels of game as there was a much higher cost for preparations and money could be invested in development of community. It can be said that protection of a developed community has a higher alternative cost.2. I've played game several time. I preferred to invest in upgrading then in building all the plots. (I would even say that this game should that community can't develop on the same level. Some inequality brings a faster and more efficient development for community). On later levels of game I preferred to invest into protection as  more developed the community more destruction were brought to the community and more time and resources were needed to restore it. The game showed again that we have very limited resources and we should think about how to distribute them effectively. It also showed that research is very necessary in order to understand what risk exist, what is their probability and what impact they can make. The game showed the importance of protection that includes preventive measures  and measures that can help to cope with aftermath. It also showed that equality doesn't always allow us to use resources effectively for development.Research had a big influence on how to spend resources. It showed whether we could spend them for building community (if comet wasn't to hit) or to spend them for protection or insurance (if it hit us and how much to spend in dependence of severity). 3. I would add people in a separate group of resources. People are the main consumer of all the resources, they are also the ones who are going to help to cope with aftermath. Less people means less human resources who can work physically or less specialist who know what to do in such situation or who can be a leader in such situation. I would also separate research in several groups - more and less expansive as all the researches have their cost. 