5934906

The role of risk management of the game, in my opinion was to show that you cannot avoid the source of certain risks, because they are not under your control. It was clear that natural disasters cannot be nullified. But one has to run a risk of loss when aiming to survive and to improve. The real challenge is to combine protection, insurance and knowledge with the running of our own tasks or objectives in life. In the game, the task was the managment of a community in a way that briings to improvement. All preventive action as knowledge, protection and insurance had to go togeher with the strive to improve a community and make it wealthier.I noticed that it was much more important to concentrate on the business and improve the pods (and therefore the community) than improving protection by investing in lifting the base up or investing more money for having a costly insurance. I also noticed that gaining in knowledge about meteors permitted to have
 higher return than investing in lifting the base alone. This is also a sign that the investment in improving my community (its wealth and its technological improvement)provides stroger basis for the community (the knowledge about the risk) pays more back than investing in protection/insurance tout court: it guaranteed protection and at the same time guaranteed income as well.it goes alone that also a quick reaction after a shock limits the damages and accelerates the recover.By playing, I was initially just worried about having high protection and a good insurance coverage. I grouded a couple of pods and spent all my time in protection alone, so that there less possibility to improve the pods due to limited financial resources. This is due to the fact that I was concentrated on avoiding all damages it was not possible because I could not control the magnitude of the impacts and I had not enough resources to improve my community to be able to resist.Actually by improving the technology of the pods the community absorbs much better the hits and in a way it renders less relevant having a good insurance (the insurance does not limit the damage, it may at most limit the expenses). I also noticed that my benefits improved by improving knowledge it was just like the community was also gaining by the improvement of knowledge. By playing I understood that risk cannot be nullified. A good risk managment is not limited to protection and insurance: this will not bring improvement and it may be simply not complete enough due to lack of all the resources needed for a complete protection and full insurance.In order to really manage risks, a community needs to invest in its own development, with the resources available and choose the technological improvement, which means acquiring knowledge at higher level and diffusing knowledge at a more basics ones.Provide the community with means for creating social interconnection and networking (infrastructure in case) is also an investment that wiil help when the risk becomes a real shock and there is the need to face the damages and recover as soon as possible.Although I consider the game complete enough to the purpose, if I had to improve the game I would introduce :A new feature for the allocation of resources in research and Development (see insurance function), providing improved pods at cheaper costs; and A new function to invest in infrastructures, that provides a higher reaction speed when creating interconnection after a collision and helps to recover faster from a shock, limiting the final damage.