5936568

The game
explains the Risk management in a good way due to the great combination of
factors on it.  Development has been
thought as a fast grown in all areas without taking in account the future
events that may affect this development reducing the GDP impact in the future.  This game makes understand the importance of
the different facts that are related to the development, avoiding the blind
sides that sometimes are not taking in account in the development plan. Most
times development is known as the act of spending money on a better
infrastructure every time, but at the same time the risk of the infrastructure
is ignored by the policy makers forgetting the insurance and its vital role
that it has in the future and setting down a real economic development. Also,
this game made me take in account the factor “time” which is ignored by the
people in the development fight. Time is important because you have to plan the
actions to execute with a vision in the future not only in the present and
these actions would help in a good or bad way in the future. Another great
lesson to take from this game is the importance of the planning action, management
is this part in which you combine the resources to get a specific goal or
beyond this. However, many policy makers fail in this action in the real life
overspending money in the growth and not taking care of these assets that would
protect the reached growth in a period of time.

Definitely,
this game has to be played many times. This is due to the fact that if I would
only play once I would not have passed the following levels. This game is a
good example of how to manage different factors in the time, and shows many
combinations and possibilities of go through it. In some cases the bad
decisions in the past level will impact or decide if you win or lose it he
following one. Even to understand the impact of the disaster is difficult in the
first time and planning the game since the beginning becomes in a key factor
for the success in it.  

In my opinion
I will add to this game a tool in which you could increase the probability of
knowing which meteor is going to hit the village and reduce the waste of
resources to save money in the recovery path.