5941390

I was surprised how developed the Risk Horizon game was. I played
it three times, because I was not satisfied with my previous results and wanted
to improve myself and control the game to reach the highest possible level,
which is also the aim of the game. I think the developers did great job,
because it is not as simple as it may seem to get to higher levels and it is
the practice that gives the player the experience on how to play successfully.

The role of the risk management was to decide quickly if
the player will get knowledge about the comets by observing them, develop the
island, protect the island or to insure it. Personally, I observed the comets
in first place to know how dangerous they were. Meanwhile, when I had enough
money, I built and developed the island. The priority for me was to develop the
island as much as I could and then to manage risks. Also, in the first minute
of each level I assured myself, always to 50% of damage recovery. Then, when I
saw the comet is dangerous and there is a big probability it will hit the
island, I began to protect the island by clicking on the right bar. I assessed
there is no point risking that it will miss the island.

In the first game I discovered that it is very important to
observe the comets to get the knowledge, so the left bar goes up quicker.
However, I ended up in Level 2 as more comets came and I decided to study them
more and was not prepared for the collision, which was very stupid from what I
know now.

In the second game I learnt that it is crucial to plan
everything from the beginning and start building as soon as possible because
the island could never develop if the player would watch only the risks. That’s
why I also finished at Level 2. I avoided all risks but did not get island the
opportunity to develop.

In the last game I almost reached Level 5. For this time I
really paid attention to developing my island and prepare for current risks. As
I saw the comet was not dangerous I stopped observing and developed the island.
When I saw the comet is highly dangerous I stopped observing, stopped building
and prepared myself for the collision, which I think was the right way to do. I
never had more than 8% of damage, which I think is quite successful achievement.

If I could add one more thing to the game, I would put another
risk in it. The payers tried how it is to prepare for floods, but islands are
hit by earthquakes or monsoons, too. This would give the game another
perspective and the player will must act tactically.

 