5943436

The game was difficult at first, however it was quite
informative and insightful and a great visualisation of the potential risk
management approaches in this scenario. I found the concept of trade-offs very
interesting. In particular, it forced me to consider the reality that resources
(including access to funding) can be a more significant challenge for
developing countries. It is clear that comprises need to made in risk
management to achieve the best result with the resources available. 

In the first attempt of the game I did not fully understand
the importance of research and networks in preparing for, and responding to, crises.
In subsequent attempts I spent a great deal more time researching, which led to
more time for community network rebuilding after the crisis hit. As a result, I
chose to spend less time on last minute protection, to ensure that I could
spend enough time researching which appeared to have a better result of
minimising damage. I also spent more money on insurance in the later games,
which in turn led to less resources spent on repairing pods after the crisis. 

By preparing for risk, through insurance, research and
building community networks, I was able to spend less time reacting to the
crisis (repairing). As a result, I had more resources available to spend on building
additional pods and developing existing ones. It also allowed more time to be
spent researching, which allowed greater community networks to form. This shows
that investment in risk management before a crisis hits, can have a positive
flow-on effect and actually save money in the long-term. Prevention may not
always be possible; however I would still argue that minimising damage and
response time to a crisis could be considered effective risk management. 

Proposed change

If I were to make a change to the game, I would introduce a
few different types of crises to show how one size does not fill all with risk
management approaches, particularly in different locations around the world. This
could perhaps be done in the higher levels and would help to demonstrate that
the appropriate level of preparation, knowledge and insurance can differ
depending on the situation. In some cases, knowledge and preparation may be
more important and effective in preventing disaster, than insurance would be
minimising damage. Likewise this could be the opposite, depending on the
situation, location, communities and government in question. Although the game
showed different levels of severity and chance well, I think that including
various forms of disaster could be a worthwhile addition to the game. 

