5946898

Risk management in this game involves proper use of Research, Protection, and Insurance so as to recover from shocks as a result of comets.These comets have a certain level of damage so as the level of damage or rather severity  increases,  Research, Protection, and Insurance have to have been balanced so as to reduce the damage to the community. MY GAME PLAYIn oder to succeed, i had to first learn the game in advance, i had to learn how to prepare for comets, when to build the community as well as upgrade and when to expand the community. When i started, i first built one community, then upgraded the community at that time there was an incoming comet, i went ahead and did the research i found out that it was not very severe and its chances of hitting was quite low. so i continued to build two more community in the process two more comets were approaching so, i did research on each and found out that one was quite severe. So i bought 75% coverage insurance and held on protection until it reached 5%.  The comets hit and fortunately, the damage was zero percentage. With this good preparation and i went on to build two more communities as i upgraded two others. Two other comets came and when i did research i found out that it was not that severe. I did not take any chances, so i held on protection until the first one hit and fortunately it was a miss, so i held on research of the second comets until i was almost hitting. when it hit the damage was only 6%. I WAS ABLE TO FINISH LEVEL ONE AND TWO. HOW PREPARATION FOR RISK AFFECTED DEVELOPMENTBy learning when to apply protection, insurance and research. Knowledge to the timing for each mode of risk preparation guaranteed success.  LESSONS FROM THE GAMEThe game taught me that knowledge is key. I had to learn how the comets affected the growth of the community. At first i only did more on insurance and protection and forgot the research, there was almost no growth and i did not go past the first level. the next game i did quick MOVES doing more research on severe comets and more protection but same insurance for all the comets.   CHANGES I WOULD PROPOSE TO BETTER REPRESENT RISK MANAGEMENT CHOICES if i was to redo the game i would only reduce the time it takes to increase protection bars as it takes a long time holding on protection for its bar to increase, sometimes this denies time for research which is important for growth of the community. 