5947208

The game tests various elements of Risk Management. The comets have multiple characteristics, the severity, chance of hitting and research. These can be mapped to many real world characteristics. For risk management we were provided 3 tools, protection, insurance and research. Based on the risk coming in we had to make choices on the strategy to be followed to manage and overcome the risk.The trade offs I made were:If a comet with low severity (lower than my protection) was coming, I would focus on research only till may 50% as the the chance of it affecting Alora was less.If a comet with high severity (higher than my protection) was coming, I would try to increase my protection to the necessary level after doing necessary research. If a comet with high severity and high chance of hitting came, I would firstly take insurance as the chance of it hitting is very likely. Also I would research on it more than the others so as to make sure of the levels. Also if time permits I would try to shore my protection because in case of a hit the protection would reduce.The very first time I played the game I found it a bit challenging and I took my time to understand some tricks to ensure development, reduce and predict risk. I realized the importance of multitasking (keep a pod on upgrade in the background whilst researching a comet). I initially went with the strategy of building only a few pods and trying to fully develop them. After the first 2 levels I realized that this strategy was wrong. An inclusive, consistent and uniform growth was what was best for development. A disparity in the state of the various pods lead to limited growth and community connections. So the second time I made sure I started from the basics and kept building many pods as it would increase the community connections. While progressing through the various levels I tried to ensure there was a uniformity in the states of all my pods. This helped in inclusive development which ultimately helped me understand the nuances of risk management better. I learnt that proper risk management can be done by doing enough research in the field thereby making everyone aware of the risk. I also learnt that we can provide all the protection we want, but there are certain risks which cannot be avoided. The best thing to do in such continue research for better protection mechanisms whilst providing insurance in case of a hit.As I have mentioned the games tests various aspects of risk management which you only realize once you have played it. For example the concept of continuous development, protection based on severity and insurance for highly likely hits is very realistic.The only real concern for me is that the concept of insurance was not properly ventured into. And as a player I couldn't really feel a difference between the various insurance schemes.