5953910

With the threat of comets, the planet in the game faced a possibility of loss. Risk management played a role in the game to confront the risk posed by the comet, through knowledge, protection and insurance to prepare, and then to cope if the comet did hit. 
Knowledge was improved through “research” of the comets, allowing an understanding of the possible shocks, and improving the opportunity to create community connections to cope with the comet strike. Protection was implemented by raising the pods to reduce the magnitude of losses from waves caused by the comet strike. Insurance, purchased with wealth in good times, allowed the cost to repair pods to be reduced if damaged. These three actions, however, all cost time and/or wealth, resulting in a trade-off both between the different preparations and also from dedicating time and wealth to building up pods and increasing development. I chose to focus first on protection, to prevent damage before a strike occurred. I followed this by building knowledge through research, as this allowed the community to respond if they strike did occur and the pods were not adequately protected. I only chose to purchase insurance in extreme cases where protection and knowledge were insufficient, because this method did not completely eliminate damage to the pods, but rather made it easier to deal with afterwards. 
Because of the trade-offs, preparing for risks actually slowed down or stalled development when  immediately implemented; however, in the long run, managing risks improved development because it reduced setbacks that could be caused by a comet strike. 
The first time I played the game, I focused almost all my efforts on preparing for risk, for example increasing protection to the highest possible level even when the comet approaching had a low severity. While this meant the pods were never damaged, it also meant I did not dedicate enough resources to developing the pods, meaning the time ran out before I reached the development level. 
Therefore, my second time playing the game, I balanced risk management with improving development more effectively. I only raised protection to the level necessitated by incoming comets, and balanced research based on the most threatening comets (based on severity and chance of impact). By balancing risk management in this way, I was able to dedicate more wealth and time to developing the pods, and was able to develop the planet to move forward in levels.
The main thing I learned from this game is the complex relationship between risk management and development. It demonstrated that, by dedicating too many resources towards risk management, resources are taken away from being put toward development. However, not dedicating enough to risk management is also detrimental to development, due to the tremendous setbacks to development that can be caused if the risks materialize. It is therefore important in risk management practices to fully utilize knowledge to evaluate the extent to which risk preparation is necessary, and in what ways resources should be allocated to achieve the best development outcomes.
If I were to change one thing to make the game more realistic, I would include occasional risks that come along unannounced. While in the game there was always at least some time to assess the comet and prepare, in real life there are certain risks for which people receive absolutely no warning. For example, once an earthquake hits, people have no further time to prepare, so it would be necessary to prepare for the risk before it even becomes apparent. 