5959123

I think that the game, showing a very foreign environment with completely new threats for the survival of its inhabitants could properly work as an example for the challenge of risk management. The first task was, in fact, the identification of risks and then the identification of a proper path for development. Building pods, imho, was necessary but they were too exposed to comets and floods, so the had to be upgraded with the best budding techniques, but they had to be insured, too. Not having much money I thought that a less than 50% insurance could do better that no one at all. Also research on the comets and uplifting the ground of the pods were important, even if it came with a cost. That is why I succeeded best when I did not build as many pods as there could be fitted in the area. 

I had some difficulty in playing the game, because on the first time there was no button for insurance and on the last one I could not upgrade any building, but apart from these bugs (or maybe it was my fault, who knows) I could see that the way it went in the best way it was when I built only three pods, developing them through the whole game. I couldn't get very far anyway, but I had the time to start another game I would try to get the insurance from an early stage, maybe the cheapest one, and to build just four pods. Anyway I am afraid that part of the game was to be played without much thinking, because the transposition from getting educated ideas to clicking on pictures lost something and I was really belied in having to play this after hearing the cases used as examples in the videos.   

I think the best part of this game was the net of protection, but I found it too strange, because some part of it started in places with no pods. I think that an improvement in the game could be building community around the pods, seen as an aggregator for people as well as a form of economic development. I would like to see a closer connection from community (and their deeds) to risk management efforts.
The idea of a distant planet, as I said, proved good to introduce the problem of starting risk management form zero, but the aim of the game could be understood better than it was if only there had been a more comprehensible connection between the actions of the player and the turning to green of that sort of thermometer, especially when there was no money, no comets and nothing to do to influence pods or insurance for longer than a minute.    

