5959723

1)

The way I perceived the risk management role in the
particular game is linked to the first objective of risk management, that
is the strengthening of the resilience of Alora. According to the Report, "risk management can produce resilience
and resilience is the ability to mitigate losses from adverse shocks and to
foster recovery". This objective is met via managing Alora's risks (shocks, that is comets), firstly by identifying each risk/shock (comet) and then by analysing the characteristics of
each risk/shock (comet), separately. Having done that, it fosters Alora's recovery from any damages and leads to overall development.

All the aspects of the preparatory process
(research/protection/insurance) we . However, as I was playing the game, two were the most pivotal factors that were constantly present and impacted
on my decisions: a) the speed of each comet, which
was a pivotal factor that urged me to take important decisions under
pressurised conditions and b) the financial constraints.

In particular: 

with regard to the knowledge/research aspect of the
preparatory process, I relied on the relevant notification which was available for each
comet. This information signalled the level of analysis and research needed to understand
the nature and the potential severity of each comet. With regard to the protection
aspect, I was investing in more upgraded pods based on the criteria of a) the
severity of the comet and b) the number of comets ready to hit Alora. Finally,
with regard to the insurance aspect, I took my decisions based on a) my
financial resources/capacity and b) the number of existing pods (ex. I judged
that I needed a higher level of insurance when I had 6 pods than when I had 3
pods).

Risk management affected positively the development of
Alora via building pods step-by-step (and thus: expanding the areas where I could intervene and provide effective risk management) and upgrading the existing ones, gradually. This helped
me to create a more resilient system, where I could potentially take more decisions
for the benefit of Alora's people as a whole. So, I believe that the developmental contribution was both short-term and long-term.

2)

I played the game more than once, and the main thing
that I changed was my approach: I considered all the three aspects of the
preparatory process ad hoc, based on the dimension which needed more attention according to each shock.
The learning outcomes after having played this game was that I realised the
significance of being proactive and of sharing the information with all the
communities/stakeholders present in Alora. This facilitated the dissemination of the
available information and knowledge, and led to strengthening the resilience of Alora as
an entire system.

The particular online game was a really successful educational tool
that helped me bridge the theoretical background gained from the available
material in the first two weeks, with a virtual implementation of the concepts
as they are provided by the World Bank Development Report 2014. 

3)

A recommendation for the future in the place I live: In the place I
live there is a problem in throwing the recycled materials in the proper bins.
The target in this case is to change the behavioral attitudes and norms of the
neighbours, which could be achieved through better education as well as
discussion and a common campaign fostered by the more environmentally sensitive
neighbours.

 