5967164

The game consists of managing the risk of being hit by comets, (and having my development resources damaged), which would limit my chances to reach my development goals. I made the choice of preparing myself to the most negative probabilities, and to have the possibility to build connections with the community. The preparation for the risk affected negatively my immediate ambitions of development. But it turned out to be a profitable choice at the mid and long-term.I played the game multiple times. The first time i tried to spend my resources in the 3 levels of risk management (knowledge, protection, insurance). But i could'nt pass the second level, so i decided to adopt a different strategy with a focus on the protection side whatever risk of impact of each coming comet, so i decided not to put resources on knowledge and insurance. This strategy allowed me to reach the 3 level, but i realised that i had to adjust my strategy to progress further in the game. My third (and winner) strategy, consisted in putting a focus on the protection aspect and to spend more resources on insurance as a protective shield in case the protection efforts were not enough. This strategy allowed me to reach the fifth level and to fail closely in reaching the sixth level. If i had to propose one change to the game, taking in account my local context (Tunisia), I would  add a component related to regional development governance which involve a variablity in development incentives and risk vulnerability between building in the coastal areas of the map and the interior parcels of land. Because in my country, there is a lot of disparity between development in coastal regions and interior regions due to a lack of incentives and risk mitigation in investing in the non coastal areas. This addtional risk management component can be translated in the game through the fact that if a person builds a building in the interior parcels, this would lead to less economic added value but with a less impact damages in case of a comet induced tsunami than a similar building in the coastal area. 