5986863

Risk management is the strategy necessary for sustainable development and progress to next level in the game. There are strategies and trade-offs involved in the game which is pretty similar to the real world. I am going summarize my game strategies and trade-offs in this essay.First,  I started the game building 3 plots even though I am capable of building total of 5. I kept the money as savings to rebuild or improve part of Alora that generates income quicker which can be used to develop further. The constant generation of income is important to the rising economy to build and sustain the development. Then, during the development process I chose to research. If the research indicates that a calamity. I stopped the research started investing in the protection against the calamity. Second, Even though I reached level 5 in 5 attempts, I played the game about 10 times because it was fun. The main things I learned during the first 5 games include: develop Alora strategically, look out for comets that is invest time in research, and buy insurance if you know you can't avoid the calamity or if you are not confident enough that you can not rebuild on your own. First time, I ignored research to concentrate on development, which taught me the importance of research. Second, I researched but didn't invest in protection, thinking that insurance would pay off, but the time run off by the time I rebuilt the whole thing. Third time, I pretty much balanced all 4 major areas: development, research, insurance and protection. Fourth and Fifth times I just got better at the game which is pretty good feeling. Third, Yes, Game indeed captures four major sectors for sustainable development: development, research, protection and insurance. If I have the opportunity to change one simple thing that would be to reduce the incidence of comets, in the real world we won't get that many disasters, and not comets for sure. The place where I live in or my parents live in, drought is the main disaster. We should add food and reserves for disasters such as drought and famine. Finally, summarizing my thoughts on the risk Horizon game. The game teaches important features such as research and development. But, game lacks few features such as food reserves or health hazards etc., which represent disasters of the developing countries or the countries where the famine or health are issues. In any case I sent the web link to my friends to spread the good word and intentions. 