5998569

The “Risk Horizon“ game captures some
essential concepts in real risk management case such as the identification,
research, and prioritization of risks by making the best decision in
co-ordination and allocation. The role of risk management in the game is to establish
the practicable internal practice and procedures o tackle risks of the planet
which mainly came from falling comets. The procedures such as the risk response
process and plan before and after the damages came. And one of the most
important messages is to balance the growth and risk preparation. In the game, while
the community is growing, its risk management tools include implementation of
protection, research and insurance. The player must fully aware of the choices
of applying knowledge, securing protection or entering into insurance.
Resources are limited. The player should always aware of the available
resources to maximize the output and minimize the risk incurred at the same
time. It is always a rule whenever the player to decide for one action, it will
cost the player and reduce the possibility of arranging other action. Example
as I did research to the coming comets, no time to grow the community. In most
cases, I spent the money in insurance, level up the land or research, less
money could be allocated in other aspects in term of protection or development.
It is a matter of trade-offs as the time will not stop to wait for the full
preparation of risk and it is always the falling comets to create different
damages to the developed buildings. Risk preparation cost time and money which
they are all core factors to foster the development of the community. The
player allocates their money to build the pods and will become lack of
sufficient money to purchase insurance or raise security level.In the beginning, the primary strategy was
to foster growth and develop as many as pods to sustain the cash flow and
brilliant future. However, it is totally wrong as proved by the damages brought
by the comets afterward. Definitely, balance must be considered between
protection and development. Thus, when it is the second times to play the game,
more conservative act will be implemented such as to purchase more insurance
and reduce the development speed. The balance and progressive development is
very important. After several trials, it was clearly a main lesson brought out
that development is not everything; it should be in line with other balance
development strategy such as the precautions.This game captures some risk management
elements, if it is to add more functions; one of critical part is to add human
beings in the game. As human beings could always be a driving or destructive
factor to everything. It could be very necessary exercise to involve this reality
that human may sometimes bring drawbacks to the incident due to political
reasons. Just like it was happened in some place with serious problem of
poverty, the role of the officials to put forth necessary precautionary steps
to the affected area as the first and foremost plan in all risk management
issues, but corruption of officials lead to the program became insufficient
financial support of the local assistance program and end up the failure of
those projects are not rare things happened in real world.