6004567

 

Reflection on the game

The island is located in area prone to
meteor attack therefore the primary role of risk management was to protect the
development from damages. The game is a classic example of how government and
policy makers make decisions on risk management. Risk management does not
happen in a vacuum. Like policy makers or development practitioners, there was
need to strike a balance between competing priorities; development and risk
management priorities. Both of which required the limited budget and time. On
the one hand, there was need to build enough pods (development targets) to
complete the phase before time runs out. On the other hand, there was a
potential risk that the meteor could damage the pods and erode the development
gains. Protection and preparation measures also
required budget and time. The more time one spent on risk protection and
preparation the slower the pace of achieving the target. The game clearly
demonstrates the importance of preparation and protection in risk management. In
terms of preparation, the game shows that if you know the risk of the meteor that
is, the chance that it will hit and its severity, one is in a better position
to decide how much resources to allocate to protection. For instance,
if the chance of hitting and the severity is almost zero then it is not prudent
to spend more time and budget on protection as this would delay your
achievement of finishing the stage. After sustaining the damages, I found that
connecting the community networks helped to minimize the damage as the impacts
were shared across.

From the game, I learnt that at any
given time it is worth to have a minimum level of protection; either insurance
or raised community. Similarly, if you know the risks the community face, it is
important to start building protection earlier. I found that the foundation you
make in stage one and two when it easier to raise the level of the community
proved to be very useful in the next level. If the initial development is based
on proper risk management, it is easier to protect the infrastructure from
future risks. As you build more insurance premiums also get higher which also
affect the budget for construction.

If I were to change anything of the
game, I would introduce two things; people and additional risks at some stage.
Sometimes it becomes easier to protect fixed assets from one hazard compared to
movable objects like people. Different hazards require different protection
measures.

In a context of limited resources, the
game highlights the difficult choices that development practitioner’s face in
trying to integrate risk management. Therefore, it is important that proper
information is provided to them on the potential risks as well as the cost
benefit analysis of risk management in order to make informed choices. Currently,
most development practitioners tend to ignore such risks so that they can
finish their targets. However, the consequences becomes devastating when it
strikes