6009717

The role of risk management in the game is to find a balance between the cost of  protection, insurance, knowledge, and coping and future growth cost and speed. Sometimes it seemed legit to stop developing and buy insurance instead. Watching the sky was very effective during the game. In the beginning, I was overly protective. That lead to the situations when the village is save, but it have no resources for development. I bought 75% insurance before any risk shows up on the horizon. That strategy showed that overly protective risk management leads to rapid delay in development. I changed my strategy step by step decreasing the amount of protection used, bought insurance only when the risk was high, and started to watch the sky more closely. This new strategy leaded to a bigger loss after hit of the comet comparing with previous one, but it proved itself showing faster development in the future. After achieving 5th level, I decided to use the strategy more based on coping to see how its will turns out. Unlike the over protecting strategy, over risky strategy showed a fast grow at the beginning and huge loss with subsequent fall development speed. As I see after using these two contrary strategies over protecting strategy seem to be a better choice than over risky. Although it doesn't leave a lot of resources for development, it doesn't put the object of the risk management in crisis either.    The main thing I've learned from this game is that being overly protective takes more time and resources and in the end it doesn't worth it. It could stop you almost completely from developing. Not taking action on the protection or future coping could lead to severe loss and even get you far away from the point you've started. Those conclusions totally make sense in the real life, too. So, as I think, before trying to avoid some risk or protect oneself or company from it, decision making person should compare real risk probability and future loss to the cost of risk avoidance in terms of protection and insurance cost. Not doing anything is worse than doing something wrong, at least you will know your mistakes and get better in the future.   In new  game version, I would propose to include some useful stats at the end of the game such as development speed through the game. This would help to see clearly how the risk management effects development. Also, It would be handy to have well presented cost and benefits of making new pod building and upgrading it. More information on outcomes could be helpful for everyone. 