6019052

                I really loved playing the game ‘Risk
Horizon’. Initially, before the game started, I wondered how a game testing
risk management would be like. But after playing it, I realized that it was
both interesting and informative. After playing this game one could clearly
understand and also experience the basic concepts of risk management and I also
did. I clearly understood that one could not have knowledge, protection and
insurance completely with limited resources. Hence there must be trade-offs and
that too in an effective manner without losing the balance for development. Initially
I relied on the knowledge and protection and completely neglected spending on
insurance but I couldn’t even cross level 3 by doing so. Then instead of
protection I went for insurance and compromised on protection. The results were
the same as the previous which made me realize that both protection and
insurance are two important parameters of risk management and cannot be
completely compromised by one another. The game is so practical that complete
knowledge offers more time to have community links that could save the economy.
I practically experienced how coping could reduce damage. The game also
stressed the fact that preparation without proper coping and coping without proper preparation are both useless

                The
game made me to go for different strategies to survive more levels. Initially I
simply developed protection and insurance but failed to develop the pods. The
next time when I tried to develop the pods, I ran out of resources as I made
the same mistake by simply increasing the protection which made me go out of balance
which is needed for a proper development. Initially I spent valuable time on
researching on comets which are less severe and couldn’t find time to research
on comets which are highly severe. This made me understand that if two or more
problems approach us at the same time we must be able to prioritize them so as
to attain minimal loss. I also learned to manage time as to spend time on researching
when I’m not developing pods or increasing protection.

                I loved
the game so much that I would really love to develop the game by introducing
migration concept to the game if possible, so that one could also learn some
concepts like when to migrate in search of better opportunities which could
really take this game to a higher level of strategy. Migration can be implemented
by splitting areas as coastal to non coastal areas.  The pods at the coast must be prone to more
damage at the same time must give more resources that others at the interior
part though both are in same level. The migration must take some time and
resource to occur. When they were hit during migration the damage caused must
be at the maximum than when at the shore so that one could decide when to
migrate carefully.

                I hope
everyone loved the game very much like I did.