6028871

The game allowed me to learn about adequate assessment and management of risks, inasmuch as it taught me about the need to prioritise and differentiate between very likely and very unlikely scenarios and thus use funds in the most cost-effective way.At first, I invested a lot into buying the highest insurance for my community and raising its level several meters above the ground in order to decrease the likelihood of flooding. Yet, building such high protections and ensuring my community's infrastructure at levels of 75% also demanded significant cuts in other areas, for instance, investments intended for improvement of current infrastructure had to wait a long time until funds were enough again. This prevented me from progressing in the game, that is, developing and soon, I had lagged behind the development meter.Over time, I learned to prioritise risks. For instance, if the likelihood of a meteor hitting my community was very low, I would not buy insurance or would buy only the most limited one, in order to invest those funds in upgrading houses, buying and developing new plots of land. Had I not done this, development projects would have been stalled for a long time, or even never finished. This taught me and helped me understand the trade-offs that policy-makers make when promoting development and improving community infrastructure.  In my view, the most important lesson that the game provides, is that while protection IS necessary in some way, in order to protect the existing capital and infrastructure of a city, sometimes is also necessary to face the risks associated with an scenario that will probably not occur.Also, the game taught me about the importance of preparation and knowledge. For instance, the more one learnt about the comets that menaced the world of Risk Horizon. An easy initial investment of time, money and energy contributed to prevent flooding and thus damage to the community. Had preparation been done without an adequate analysis of the menace or danger, it would have put one at risk of overprotecting or not protecting enough the current and potential infrastructure of the community. In both cases, such economic inefficiency would have risked lives and property. Therefore, the lesson provided by the game is that preparation is not only necessary but also cost effective. Indeed, I changed my strategy over time. At first, I played a zealously protective role, ensuring properties to the maximum and raising as much as possible my community from the sea level. Yet, this strategy did not prove successful in promoting development. Once I realised about this situation, I switched to a more adequate context, where each danger was analysed, measured against other dangers and priorities and if necessary, addressed while only assigning the necessary resources and preserving the rest for other social priorities.Finally, if I had to change one thing about the game would be introduction of the geography factor into the game. That is, the fact that a risk is heightened or lessened by the existence of a large or small population near the probable area affected. In other words, for example, a tornado or a hurricane is not as much of a risk when it hits relatively unpopulated areas. Yet, their danger rises if they hit a place where a lot of people live. If this factor were to be introduced, it would allow me to prioritise resources on those areas which are most at risk. For example, in this case, people in rural or distant areas is helped first to reach a safe place, thus saving more lives and protecting property.