603737

1. The game is
designed to test one’s ability to manage risk while working towards development
of community. Player has to balance between investing into development
activities and managing risk. 

Hence risk management plays a crucial role in the game as
one cannot go on to win any level without managing the risk posed
by the comets.

On a macro level, there is a choice
between investing in development or in risk management.On a micro level, risk management in the game can be further
classified based on the choices we have for managing risk –

1.Knowledge –  least investment -  however
knowledge alone does not help. Player has to use this knowledge in making
decision about risk management. 

2. Protection: Investment flexible depending on the risk. The player may purchase
protection equalling the severity of risk. However purchasing required
protection takes time and in case of high severity comet, player needs to start
the purchase of protection well in advance else despite having enough money the player may not be able
to protect the place leading to high damages.

3. Insurance: Investment  high.The price of insurance depends on two
factors –

(i) Level of Development –higher the development (number/
level of pods) higher the insurance cost. 

(ii) Coverage percentage: higher the coverage higher the
insurance cost. 

Choice of purchasing insurance depends on the kind of
impending risk. In case there are several higher severity comets about to hit
the place insurance would be a better option, though it is the costlier option.

In what ways did preparation for risk affect development
(immediately, or after some time)?

For simplification I’m breaking down this into three cases -


CASE I – No or In-adequate preparation: we can
spend all the available resources on building pods resulting into higher development.
However after comet strikes there is huge loss and lots of resources are
required to get back to same level of development.

Case II – Adequate Preparation: This is the
best case scenario where initially development is bit slower than CASE I, since
some investment is made in preparation. However after some time, when the comet
strikes, development is not affected much. Hence overall development is best in
this case.

CASE III – More than required preparation: where
more than required investment is made in preparation, leading to lesser
investment in development - initially development is slowest leading to lesser
wealth creation. But the impact of calamity on development is least. 

2.

On playing the game multiple times, i learnt to manage risk
better. During initial attempts i was either investing more or less in
preparation. However, after multiple attempts, i learnt to 

a)     
optimize investment in risk preparation – purchasing protection instead of insurance unless CASE III

b)     
Wealth creation – i found more wealth could be
created by increasing the level of existing pods

Important things that I learnt from the game–

1.      
Investment in research is quite low yet pays
high dividends.

2.      
In-adequate preparation leads to higher wealth loss
as compared with the investment made in preparation. Hence its always wise to
invest in preparation.

3. More than required investment in risk
preparation is waste of resource and leads to slower development.

4. We need to be flexible while managing risk. The
preparation has to be in accordance with the impending risk. We need to keep
our eyes open for the risks while investing in development. 

3. I would add more practical risks faced by my society such as
vector born disease – malaria; amount of rainfall – lower leading to draughts,
high rainfall leading to floods; earthquakes; rate of crime etc.