6042492

The game taught us a lot about managing risks and development. The role of risk management in the game was very crucial and it made me learn that without effective risk management, it is not possible to have development in a country. Risks and opportunities go hand and hand and it is evident from the game that even in a real life perspective, risks would keep coming and no nation works without risk. Or else, every nation would have been developed in the same pace.I played the game thrice as I wanted to complete all the levels and while playing it, I realized that to manage risks, there lies an opportunity cost or various trade offs. There is always a time constraint which keeps us in pressure and the risk maximises if there is very less time. In order to protect our firms or our innovations from risk, we need to insure them and protect them from beforehand by updated the technological aspects and other things related to them. Once we keep updating our projects and insure them completely, we are at a lower risk of damage. At times, during the game, even inspite of risks coming over, there was no damage caused as all the projects were protected and were on the safe side.While I played the game, I realized that we cannot have both protection and insurance at the same time while protecting and moving away from risks. The monetary issue was also at play here. We could not protect the projects unless there was sufficient funds available and there was a time required for the developments to take place and everything to be updated.After playing the game for the first time, I realized that managing risks is a broad concept and it includes a lot of things. I had to keep in mind that I have to insure the plots and the projects, I have to make sure my nation is as far away from risks as possible, I have to focus on future developments, and I have to keep a check on time. The second time that I played the game, I figured that I need not have too many projects and new projects at hand and should make a point to make the existing ones better and look into their research and development before carrying on with new ones. Once I realized my plots were secure, I didnt have to bother too much about the risks and the damage they would cause as all the plots were protected and far from risks. This Game was very helpful in understanding the concept of risk in a real life instance.The one thing that I would add to the game, if I had to change it or make a better version of it, is stress on research and development. I would make sure that with better methods of research and development, the future risks are lower. Also, Once the plots are all secured, the time should go up faster and become green and the level should be forwarded to the next one immediately, without delay. This would show faster development.