6043166

1)  Risk management clearly required a balance of the all 4 aspects of risk management as the lectures and readings outline:  Knowledge, Protection, Insurance, Coping all of which cost valuable resources and time which detracted from development.  I focused on aggressive development spending while continuously tracking the comet threats that had the worst severity, the highest chance to hit, and those which moved fastest through the sky.  Once I had identified the most prominent threats, I tried to build up my protection level to match that of the largest/most likely threat or I would buy insurance against it at the last possible moment.  I reached the end of level 5 many times but lost with only small increments left to go on my development bar, which means that I ultimately wasn't spending enough on development in relation to the insurance, protection, and coping aspects.  Additionally, by being persistent with researching at all possible times, I increased my "community connections" which allowed me to escape damage countless times.2)  The second and third times that I played the game, I increased my spending on development and reduced my spending on insurance as insurance rarely seemed to pay off especially in levels 1-3.  At times, it seemed like the comets would hit my colony at much higher rates than they were advertised when I researched each threat which was frustrating.  I do understand that sometimes luck is not in ones favor repeatedly though it seemed to be that way more times than chance would actually allow in real life.  Ultimately, a balanced and high capacity multi tasking and management was what was needed, as well as some good luck, in order to make it past level four.  Patience was another key factor needed to make it to that level.3)  As far as what I would have changed in the game, the insurance was almost prohibitively expensive as it seems to be at times in real life.  Not only was it expensive, but if you play the game correctly, especially in the first four levels, it is almost a point less purchase.  That being said, the insurance money that I spent could have been used to progress my development more in order to meet the overall level requirement that I seemed to have missed just by a hair at the end of level five.Ultimately this game was quite fun and I found myself playing it several times more that I thought I would have.