6048382

The game consists of making a very carefully preparation to reduce the damages caused by the fall of the comets and it requires a good combination of the information from research, protection, insurance and the community connection. 
First of all, if I had to play the game once I would have no chance to learn and also my performance should have been very bad- level 1. However, I was pleased that at the end of each game there were detailed directions showing the missed opportunities to be applied to cope with the chock when I was about to restart the game. 
At some point it was very difficult to anticipate the hit of the comets as they were unstoppable. It was very frustrating when the percentage of the damage was very high and I could not see how to correct and alleviate them. Furthermore, sometimes it has been shown that there is a high chance of hit, but there was not hit and vice versa. 
I believe risk management is very difficult and it requires a careful preparation where many actors are involved and they can share expertise and responsibilities. I would say that the risk management combines at the same time cautious research and repeated scenarios and it requires a lot of energy and resources. From the readings and through the game I see that it is very difficult to put together necessary puzzles capable of preventing the disasters and coping effectively with them during the recovery period.  
Furthermore, in this case of comets I think researchers may use appropriate technology to avoid their hits and consequently their damages. I am very impressed that in theory I thought that risk management is easily feasible, but through the game it is very hard and maybe the expected results might be also disappointing in case of real disasters when there were low chances of probability to happen. 
Finally, though I have been confused by the game I learn a lot of things that preparation is very important to help cope with disasters. If I had to change something when I take in consideration where I live I would have given a scenario of a storm. Then risk management may be understandable in theory but when it comes to put all puzzles together and also coping with damages it requires a detailed combination of many things and an involvement of many actors.