6064705



Risk management is the identification, assessment, and
prioritization of risk, in the game I was expected to develop the community to
potential in the area of providing the social amenities and taking into record
and cognizance the level of exposure the community stands and the necessary
steps required as to ensure the entire population is secured and protected. Though
I didn’t exceed the second level of the game even though I tried, during the
game, I ensure to take insurance policy for my community to cushion the effect
of natural disasters and also investigate the nature of storms which will hit
my community from time to time to enable me rectify the damages. I played the
game severally and noticed, trying to protect my community from natural disaster
cost more and I ended up spending most of the money on that process and so
rebuilding the community was always impossible. And I decided to change the
pattern of approach by first investigating the nature of storm and following
the researcher’s advice on how to advert it. I noticed that sometimes the
researcher’s prediction was not always correct and I do well to invest more on
insurance and develop my community but before long there is a big hit again and
the devastation is great and I observe my insurance and money at hand can’t
cover for the repair and others. The stimulation is obviously a good one though
on real life issues it might not be applicable, so I suggest a more real time scenario
could help improve the game. Take for example the game of chess, monopoly etc.
it gives you plenty of time to think, plan, strategies and observe which is not
present in our game. If we were given time to pounder and carefully put our
plans to better perspective we will surely make better input and significant
change on the game. In the area of making choices on what could help the
community growth to potential was always difficult based on the absences of
some instruments and that kept me in the dark on decision making, I held only
the insurance to fall back on, based on the insurance policy outlay to mitigate
damages which was not enough strategies to control risk. The orientation also
was not condensed enough to get a first timer around and about the game, especially
in the aspect of risk sharing, I really couldn’t share risk with other
community and that impacted grossly on my ability to perform intelligently.
Implementation follows all of the planned methods for mitigating the effect of
the risks. Purchase insurance policies for the risks that have been decided to
be transferred to an insurer, avoid all risks that can be avoided without
sacrificing the entity's goals, reduce others, and retain the rest. It is
important to assess risk in regard to natural disasters like floors, earthquakes,
and so on. Outcomes of natural disaster risk assessment are valuable when
considering future repair costs, business interruption losses and other
downtime, effects on the environment, insurance costs, and the proposed costs
of reducing the risk. But I obviously appreciate the effort of the designer and
also those that put this program together, the effort they made the niche they
created and more importantly the superb intelligent exhausted to be bring this
creativity to potential. Io hope they keep up to this wonderful work and research
that is grossly informative to help us not only managing natural disaster but
also knowing the numerous risk we face in the face of severe challenges that
can harm our effort towards our prosperity.    

             

