6066007

     It is first time for me to play games as a homework which help me to understand what is the risk, and how to avoid and protect the potential risk. Above all, it is really hard for me to play due to my limited english and experience on computer games. In order to figure it out, it spend me almost half an day, the best grade I get is only level 3, the code is ab8ESCp. It is obvious that I am not get well during the game, I try to build as much as pods at the begining, but the problem is that I ignore to take research  about comets. The next, I pay attention to the research and adjust the plan to protect my place, if the comet have a great chance of hit and severity, I will buy the hightest rank of insurance  as a risk manager. If the possibility of hit is not very high, I wil buy insurance with proper money and the saved money to build and upgrade my pods. when the money is not enough to upgrade pods, I choose to make more research on the comets, the more research I do , the more time and information I get. As soon as my money get enough, take use of money to mix and upgrade pods.       however,  the balance between the risk and development is really hard to keep due to the limited time and money. Because the preparation for risk always affect the development. Risk manager is a very important role in game as a decider,  every time I get the information from the outside, and anlayze the interior in terms of technology, protection and insurance, whether should I take advanture to upgrade pods as early as possible or spend partial of  money on research and insurance. At the first, I try to develop pods while bear the large loss. As predicted, the shortage of circulating funds have greatly affected the next step to develop, and into a bad circulation, due to capital shortage, I can not afford the later cost of insurance and repair. The less money I have , the heavior  damage I get.So I rethink the insufficiency and defect, can i change the strategy that a majority of resource spent on  protecting pods rather than development . the result get better than better, i win the level 1.     After several times to test, risk manager should be flexiable to address problems and make great decisions with second think. I am not a clever man, but the more I try, the more close I get to success. During the enjoying time for me to play risk manage game, I learned how to make decision when analayze the information I get. But not information is right every time. how to make use of money to protect pods meanwhile to develop it is really a hard question for me.  it is still have long way for me to explore and learn.     If give me a chance to design this game, I will add some other  stars around me. there are exist the risk manager like me, they can be competitor or  partner, maybe both. For example, samsung and apple as a long-time cooperative partner but also as old competitor. I personally think that the outside environment is ficke for people to predict accurately. The risk exist because of we can know exactly when, how it happen. I reckon that the target of this course are to prevent the potential risk, lower the damage and get more profit.