6070788

As the Luminator – the policy-maker of Alora – I
was responsible for making decisions concerning the prosperity and well-being
of the population. With the constraint of limited financial resources, my goal
was to promote economic and social development but also to watch out for shocks
and promptly face them. Alora in fact is subject to falling comets, which careening
into the sea cause devastating waves. Shocks, i.e. comet hits, in the game
correspond to real-life natural disasters, such as floods, earthquakes,
tsunami.

In my gaming
experience, it all came down to finding the
right balance between promoting
community development (by upgrading the pods) and pursuing preparation for risk (by investing in the three
components of risk management: research, protection and insurance). Research consists in gaining crucial
knowledge about comets: their severity and their chance of hit. Protection entails raising the island with
respect to the sea level, so that the island can withstand the crashing waves. Protection
can also be boosted by connecting the yellow glows, an in-game action
which represent the act of creating community connections. Insurance requires to choose from a set of insurance plans: after a
shock, pods can be rebuilt at a cheaper price and in less time, depending on
the plan selected. 

Of course, I found myself confronting significant trade-offs on multiple occasions:
limited financial resources meant I had to allocate money in a certain direction and
then wait before I could perform another investment, possibly compromising the
well-being of my people. However, during the game I personally experienced how preparation for risk strongly affected
development: when protection against comets was high enough, the pods
received no damage. Having survived the comet strike unscathed, I did not have
to spend money in repairing the pods and I could therefore immediately boost
development by upgrading them. Risk management indeed allows to reduce the
damages and to benefit sooner from the opportunities of development.

I played the game multiple times, advancing
progressively to higher levels. With respect to the first time I played, in
later attempts I invested more and sooner in protection and I extensively researched
comets only when their severity and/or chance of hit were higher. 

If I had to suggest an improvement to the game,
I would propose to include information
dissemination towards the population of Alora, i.e. the dwellers in the
pods. This could be implemented in different ways, for example by investing in
the organization of emergency drills and evacuation simulations, or by
investing in the purchase of warning systems, such as alarms, loudspeakers and
so on. A more involved, informed and prepared population is a more resilient
population and it would possibly result in less casualties and damages.