6078147

1) Risk management in the game allowed to alleviate damages caused by the comets or in some instances eliminate the damage altogether. This prevented development from being set back more than it otherwise would be. In turn, this allowed the development to move forward at a higher pace by saving money and time on repairs. With development moving forward at a higher pace more resources (money) was produced, which I automatically used for new pods or upgardes to the pods already in existence. The choices and trade - offs I made while playing the game included: (i) deciding which of the comets to observe, (ii) whether to observe a comet or continue building/upgrading pods, buy insurance or increase protection; (iii) buy insurance or increase protection. Preparation for risk alleviated the amount of damage caused by comets or in come instances fully eliminated it. As a result, I was able to spend more time and resources on adding incremental development versus spending those two precious resources on returning development to the state it was already in before the damage.2) I would spend more money on protection. One thing I learned is that it is virtually impossible to fully insulate oneself from all affects of a crisis. Sometimes we have to choose to allow for minor shocks in order to protect ourselves bigger ones. I would often ignore comets with a low probability of hitting or low potential damage in order to concentrate on ones that had a high probability of hitting and would cause a lot of damage. I also learned how important the ability to effectively cope can prove to be as a risk management tool. It is somewhat unnatural to think of coping as a risk management tool because we cope after the event and as human beings we usually strive and concentrate on attempts to prevent a negative event from happening versus preparing ourselves for when and if it does happen. However, as I stated above it is not always possible to prevent all shocks and I learned that coping is an integral part of risk management.3) I would allow for the possibility to buy insurance for specific comets versus in general. I believe this would give a bit more flexibility in deciding what trade-offs are desirable and make the game a bit more complex. I would also create a button that would allow you to request that all pods be repaired right away or at least the number of pods that you have money for. I think that this is realistic and the time I spent clicking on each pod to initiate repairs was, in my opinion, unnecessarily wasteful.