6097464

Risk Horizon focused on natural disasters (waves from the
comets) being the source of external shocks to the developing community.
Through various uses of Knowledge, Protection and Insurance, players take an
active role in developing a Risk Management strategy that would best encourage
development while mitigating the effects of external shocks. However, several
tradeoffs were evident, in that Insurance required payment, which could otherwise
be used for Protection and Development, and increasing Protection impeded the
rate of Development and required time, which could alternatively be used to
acquire Knowledge on the impending threat of disasters.

 

I completed Level 6 on my first try by staggering the level
of Insurance purchased from 50% coverage from Levels 1 through 4 to 75%
coverage from Levels 5 through 6. The reason for which is that the frequency
and severity of external shocks was greater in later levels and I used funds
saved to instead raise Protection to maximum by Level 2 where less time was required
for acquiring Research as threats were less frequent. By having Protection at
maximum at early stages of the game, I could focus all my resources on building
and upgrading of infrastructure (Pods) through advanced stages of the game,
where level of Development required was increasingly higher. This also allowed
me to simultaneously acquire more Knowledge on threats while raising level of
Development. Through this strategy I managed to institute a tri-pronged
approach to Risk Management that allowed my community to flourish. This has
taught me to harness all available means of Risk Management, each having their
own benefits, but to also utilize cost-benefit analysis to prioritize the
different means to suit the prevailing circumstances of each level.

 

Living in Singapore, a multi-racial society where the
co-existing of many different races in close proximity is predominant, I would
add an indicator bar that would show level of social cohesion between Pods,
which would include in the game a more intangible human aspect. In times of
shock, cooperation within the community is of paramount importance to the
developing of Risk Management strategies for preparation and coping after a
shock. By investing in keeping levels of social cohesion high, expending on
other forms of Risk Management could come at a lower cost for example
Protection could require less time to develop or Research could be acquired at
a faster rate, which is evident in reality when people collaborate and
synergize.