6098807

Reflection on Risk Horizon Game

Role of risk management in the game: 

The prime role of the risk management in Alora is to create
a conducive environment for pods to grow unharmed. For that, the three powers
named research, protection and insurance are to be balanced in a way to optimum
allocation of funds for development of the community through growing and
upgrading pods. I was realized that the early allocation of funds into an insurance
whether it was for a basic (level 1) or comprehensive (level 3) cover,  is a very beneficial task.  In the first level of the game, buying a level
three insurance is wasting money. However, it is highly recommend locating
comets just after appearing and do some research if the comet is forecasted to
be a severe one. It significantly helps Luminator to improve protection through
hitting popping up starts before impact reaches the Alora. I was able to safe
lots of money through this act. Otherwise I would have spent more money on
sliding protection bar. As insurance expires when progressing into levels of
the game, it is advisable in lower levels of the game to have minimum insurance
with better research and protection plans.

What I differently did in consecutive games: 

Spending a lot on protection notch without considering
hazardousness of the comets, I depleted more money and reduced time available
for growing pods. It slowed down reaching milestones of the development bar and
subsequently lost the game. I maintained a fair protection and acquired more
time before impacts to occur through more research. In the first level of the games,
I tried to complete pods establishment and in subsequent levels engaged in
upgrading pods. It improved the speed of milestone achievement. 

Main things learned from the game: 

1. Early identification of possible
impacts of the shock of comets and made possible actions to minimize their risk
bring significant benefits to (social, economic, environment) development
interventions. First shock brought more panic experience and it kicked me to
better prepare for the next. I was more steady in subsequent shocks and less
damaged.2. Timely and better community networking provides an additional buffer to face heavy shocks.

Changes I propose in the new version
to come:

1. rather than raising Alora
Island with sliding protection bar I propose to build a wall around the island.
Each notch increases can be replaced with a one layer of brick added to the
wall. This is more visual than raising the island that is impossible to do in
real life. Luninator as well as pods (people in real life) can see how they are
protected against possible waves. High waves can wash off some layers.

2. if a player remains a significant
amount of money that is possible to be used in pods development or upgrading purpose
at the end of each level, can be taxed. Therefore, players pay active attention
to their reserves and bring more benefits to the community while sufficiently
protecting them through adjusting available powers.

