6100765

The role of risk management in the game was two-fold. On one
hand, it was to build Alora’s resilience to the shock of falling comets, and
the resulting waves, which would otherwise lead to adversity and developmental
setbacks. On the other hand, management of risk accorded Alora the opportunity
to thrive and prosper as a community despite the repeated shocks. Given limited
resources, both time and monetary, I have had to decide on an effective risk
management spread comprising of a certain mixture of information research and
community preparation, purchase of insurance to limit damage and subsequent
repair costs, and raising the ground as means of protection while concurrently constructing
pods necessary for development.

Not unlike the real world, preparation for risk affects
development immediately as well as in the longer run. In the near future,
managing risks divert resources from development thereby adversely impacting
progress, albeit slightly. Further down the line however, risk management will
serve as a catalyst of rapid developmental progress, limiting the downside of
risks while providing every opportunity to capitalize on the upside of risks. 

After the first game (and I spent quite a significant number
of repetitions simply to get to Level 4), the one key contrast in my approach
to the game was to learn from the failure of the past(s) and seek a different
balance between the risk management options available (knowledge, protection
and insurance) in order to achieve the intended developmental goal. As such, it
is only natural that one of my main learning points was that each and every
component of risk management is an essential cog in the eventual solution. However,
attainment of a proper balance of components is never going to be an easy task –
policy making for example involves a plethora of considerations that yields
countless permutations of cause and effect – hence it is crucial that we leverage
upon experiences from other communities, other sovereigns prior to taking the
step forward. And no less important is the significance of having leaders and
decision makers that are long-term orientated and therefore possess the vision
to realize that while the cost of managing risks is real in the relative
short-term, the benefits of risk management, if carried out appropriately, will
often outweigh its cost, by a large margin, in the long run. 

I am from Kuala Lumpur and the populace of the capital city
of Malaysia have had to deal with the adversities stemming from numerous
occurrences of flash floods following brief but heavy downpours typical of tropical
regions. While the novel SMART tunnel concept, a two-function tunnel that
serves as one of the main traffic artery in and out of the city during dry days
and a waterway to divert rain water during wet days, does help to a certain
extent, more often than not we are inconvenienced by irresponsible disposal of
waste into the drainage system. If I were to develop a new version of the game
that would better represent the risk management choices that matter in this
part of the globe, I would then take this opportunity to send a message to my
fellow Malaysians on the criticality of proper waste disposal and management in
preventing clogged waterways and averting flash floods. Tropical downpours,
with varying severity and likelihood, will replace falling comets as the
primary source of shocks that would hinder development. The knowledge component
will be meteorological forecasts while the protection component of risk
management will be the removal of entrapped waste that has clogged the drainage
system instead of elevating the ground. The insurance component would remain
the same. 