6116285

The key to the game is ultimately finding a balance between the three controls: researching the comets, raising the island, and buying the proper level of insurance. I think I fell victim to the same behavioral biases that were discussed in this week's videos. Raising the island was the only one of these three choices that felt tangible. By raising the island, I felt like I was receiving the best benefit at the lowest cost (likely because there was no cost specifically outlined for that action, only a slow depletion of your funds. Meanwhile, there was a definite cost associated with upgrading the pods or with buying insurance. In the end, I think I purchased too little insurance because of the prices. The 33 percent coverage felt reasonable, but the more desirable 75 percent was prohibitively expensive as I expanded my pods. I grew the area too quickly without purchasing the proper coverage. In that sense, I think preparation for the risk affected my development in that I tried to transfer my risk by building lots of pods rather than transferring it with insurance. If I were to play again, I would try to spread out my strategy more effectively rather than depending so heavily on raising the island. I think the research angle was also a little bit confusing, as I wasn't able to fully grasp the benefit of hovering over the meteors. I saw the bars for the impact and likelihood change, but that benefit was somewhat intangible. I suppose a second attempt would lead me to exploring that strategy more. What I learned from the game was that there are certain risks which are very likely (such as meteor strikes on this planet) require a wide-reaching strategy rather than placing all of your eggs in one basket.The game is obviously quite simplified, but one element that makes it difficult to relate to real-world scenarios is the lack of other actors. In the real world, we contend with the private and public sectors, as well as other people all making independent decisions rather than having them made for you. In the case of making the game slightly more realistic, I would make it clearer that certain actors, like, say, the government, have the ability to add incentives to encourage certain behaviors. As I mentioned above, I was reluctant to purchase insurance as it felt like it offered a less tangible benefit for me in trying to make it to the next level. A government, however, might have encouraged a player like myself to take that action and buy insurance by incentivizing it. This could have been done by subsidizing the cost to make it cheaper, or offer me a free pod upgrade for purchasing a certain amount of insurance. Furthermore, the research element was somewhat unrealistic, as this game limits the shock to a single form of disaster, all with a single mitigation strategy (or combination of choices to make up one strategy). Realistically, a community faces several different potential shocks, and the game could somehow reflect that by introducing other types of dangers beyond the comets. Rather than being faced with researching or not researching the likelihood and impact of a meteor, the research could instead focus on whether or not the community faces a comet strike or a health crisis, and give the player the option to pursue a mitigation strategy for one or the other.