6121106

This game is really
helpful to understand the importance of taking risk management as an elemental
base for development. It was not easy at the beginning to understand in what
extend each of the areas brought benefits for a long term. First, I
was trying to build as much as possible and focusing on protection but leaving
insurance at the minimum. After that I changed my strategy, paying the highest
pack for insurance and building, but leaving protection behind. After several
times of failing in the first two levels I realised that knowledge was been
left apart of my strategy. 

At the end, my
strategy was more balanced, focusing in every aspect of risk management as
equal as possible. For instance, the first thing that I did in every level was
buying an insurance pack (de 2 or 3, depending on the availability of my
resources). Then, get some protection but just enough to be safe of those not
very damaging comets. Investing on my assets was the third action, but always
having in mind the importance of research to try to mitigate the impact of the
comets.

What I bring from the
game to my reality is the fact that insurance is always an element very difficult
to prioritise, even though it is the best way to relief when damage happens. It
is like toss a coin, because it can be a high expense and not always used or
the most useful ally. In my context, decision makers are more interested in
those big investments that allow them to have the nice photo in the newspapers.
Research and insurance tend to marginalise within the development strategies
and this should change.

After watching the
videos, playing this game and writing these lines, I realised that one of the
most important elements of risk management is missing in it. Whether I had the
change to change something, I will try to do risk management (and the game)
more inclusive and participatory-oriented. The policy maker needs to manage how
to invest the resources, what are the priorities and how the strategy is going to
be developed. But what happen with the people? It is necessary to keep in mind
that it does not matter how effective a strategy seems to be if the community
is not part of it. The lack of community ownership on every risk management
project will be a huge obstacle to succeed. In the game the community nets are
done when the shock already happened but it is not present in any other stage
of the strategy and that should not be like that. That will be my contribution. 