6124695

Risk Horizon was a challenging,
exciting, and an educational way to practice the concepts of risk, insurance,
protection, and managing priorities. 
Success required constant evaluation of the threat while conducting a
systematic development plan, ensuring proper protection when the threat
increased, and once realizing that the protection was inadequate, ensuring safety
by having a suitable insurance plan in place. 


With each opportunity to play the
game and using the information from the previous attempt, I was able to learn
from the preceding experience to manage priorities to continue the development
while minimizing the risk and resultant effect. 
As more positive decisions were made, the easier and more manageable the
exercise became easier to manage the risk and potential impact.  The game emphasized and rewarded the player
who was able to successfully balance protection, insurance, and
development.  Just like the real world,
an unbalanced plan (i.e. too much insurance, protection, or too much
development) increased the risk and resulted in failure.

On future games I would install
some kind of “penalty” if the participant’s decisions resulted in negative
results.  This “penalty” could simulate
the humanitarian disaster that usually follows an impactful event.  Also on a future version I would incorporate
the concept of “opportunity” into the game play.  With every challenge, opportunity exists to
those who grab it.  As discussed in the
videos, there are many examples of disaster turning into success due to the
efforts of a nation and its people.

The game clearly articulated the
concept of risk management.  In the real
world anything is possible; a decision has to be make on the acceptable risk
level and the cost required.  It all
comes down to how much risk some one is willing to accept, and the price to pay
for that risk level.  Overall, a great
game once I figured out the requirement to balance the many competing
priorities; development, protection, insurance, and time management.  Thank you.