6130112

The role is to build and develop the pods. When a meteor hits the pods we need to consider its severity, chance of hit so that we can make a good plan to reduce the cost of repairing and recovering the pods after being hit. When the risk is high, we need to buy insurance; the more severe the damage is, the more we need to buy a higher insurance to cover the cost of damage. We need to upgrade the pods steadily and we also should not focus only on building pods without caring about how to protect them from disaster and how to recover them at the minimized cost. So we have to do the research to understand the potential damage the meteor may cause and have a good plan to use the money effectively. Because the better we know it, the more effective our plan becomes; so I think we should do the research of the meteor before we do other things for example: buying insurance, upgrading the building and so on. It becomes more difficult to make a good decision when the damage the meteor brings forth is high while the chance of being hit is low. Whenever I'm in that situation, I just buy the insurance and research it to reduce the damage I could do. I played this game many times, trying to reach the final level but I just failed again and  again without knowing clearly why I lost the game. And so I made some improvement each one after the other but still couldn't figure out why I couldn't pass. I don't have much time to play with it; it was so frustrating, so if I'm allowed to modify the game, I will make it more understandable for the play to know why he lost the game, because when I failed, I didn't know exactly why and therefor I don't know what improvement I can make in the future to play it better and finish the final level. So we need more detail of how to win and why we lose the game. We should also add more features such as making more kinds of pod, each has its own particular function; we should also need to make it clear of how to earn money( resources). And that will make this game better and more understandable.