6131464

1) The revenue accumulation mechanism of the game being ensured,
hence the possibility of failure was linked to either the unproductive spending
(due to over-protection) or the realization of a critical risk. The trade off
was between maximizing the rhythm of the construction, necessary to acquire
revenues, or the diverting of part of this revenue to either increase
protection against cataclysm or to purchase insurance. 
2) Over the several rounds of the game, I reduce excessive investment in
insurance or building-up of excessive protections, which resulted in my initial
rounds into failing to progress beyond level 2, due to insufficient revenues
build-up. This allowed me in the last attempt to reach level 4 of the game.
This was done through building protections and purchasing insurance only when
the risk (meteors capacity to produce damage) was high, and for amounts of
protection proportionate to the risk intensity (no waste of resource in
un-necessary protection). This involved research as early as possible the risk
probability and intensity attached to each meteor. However, the insurance
purchase was not made immediately on the appearance of a meteor, but rather
when the cataclysm was imminent (close to the planet) so that construction of
communities would not be impaired earlier than necessary nor if the probability
of the hit was reducing when conducing additional research at later stage.
3) One aspect of the game was the building of links between communities on occurrence
of a disaster to reduce the damage. However, I find that this element was
rightly highlighted but was arbitrarily defined as being positive only, without
any form of trade-off, which maybe a little naive. The solidarity among
community is globally positive but it would not be unreasonable to suppose
there is also trade off between helping the community and helping oneself...
even though I do not see obvious ways to reflect it in the game. Another
approach to materializing trade-off as regard community solidarity is to
envisage it as an investment over time. You may include in the game a mechanism
so that the link between communities is an investment in time (not money) that
need to be made before the meteor hit, in order for the solidarity to play its
beneficial role when catastrophe occur.
Another aspect that could be added but with the inconvenient of added complexity,
is that all investment paths are not equally productive in generating revenues.
One distraction preventing in real life the actors from making the best choices
in terms of risk protection is that their focus is largely monopolized by the
success in a revenue building strategy and that represent a barrier to defining
the best risk protection strategies. If that was integrated, a trade-off would
have to be made by the player on putting more of its attention to the risk
strategies or to the revenue building. We may not necessarily want to retain
this option in a pedagogical game for the sake of simplicity, but from the
perspective of realism, that may also be an interesting addition.

