6133425

Risk Horizon runs in a virtual environment of almost constant crises, with constant menaces coming from the galaxy and causing earthquakes and floods. Risk management is a must for survival. Development goals are set and risk management is an essential tool to achieve them. When playing, I started to feel that I had to confront some trade-offs. First, I did not know the setting, so I had to learn how things worked there. Second, I had to find the right balance between protection and insurance. They could substituted each other one time or another, but had to be used together most of the time. All that preparation for risk affected development in both short and long terms. It made immediate survival possible, but also created the basis for sustainable growth. I played the game all Sunday long, until I completed it, and the reason was learning more than addiction. As stated above, I had to discover the right trade-offs for both immediate survival and long-term development. The first times I used most of my resources for protection and insurance, but I noticed that such a behavior would drive me to get stuck in the third or fourth level most of the times. By managing risk in an aggressive way, I burnt resources that would be necessary for building. Sometimes I ran out of money, so development was suddenly interrupted, and sometimes I spent so much time building protection that I could not finish the buildings on time. Those situations made me realize that I had to moderate my strategy and diversify the tactics involved, so I started to monitor the sky in a closer way. I noticed that by doing that I activated the community, which worked as a kind of insurance. It was not so costly as insurance and it did not consume my development, as protection did. Anyway, I had to combine the three tactics while keeping an eye on the development progress bar and calculated how a specific kind of growth at a level would affect next steps. I started to save some money from one phase to the next and tried to build just as much as necessary, so that growth was effectively sustainable. I also noticed that I could take advantage of calm moments to build protection. Since protection building demanded quite a lot of time, working on it was easier when the sky was reasonably clear. This was easier during the first levels and, since protection was transferred from one level to the next, I decided that I would build most of it during levels 1 and 2. I tended to stop at 3/4 of the bar because it was possible to complement the protection with community links and insurance. If even taking all due care I was hit, I tried to fix the buildings ASAP, in order to be able of go on growing and upgrade the buildings. As I got more experienced, I stopped using insurance at the first levels of the game. I preferred to invest in it at more advanced levels, when I had a reasonable amount of buildings to be protected. I only got to complete the game once the strategy was clear in my mind, I had some experience and learnt how to combine the managing tactics smoothly.If I had to add some element to the game I would choose some kind of stamina. I imagine there is a psychological stress involved in risk management, which tends to worsen as time goes by and crises get more severe. It would be a human touch for the game.