6133845

     The role of the risk management is very high. Individuals can not risk developments on their own. They need the support of community at large. Risk management at large and systematic or multiple shocks can be absorbed by taking along the community. Communities need to access other communities, to markets, and other government services in order to manage the risk well.    The fallowing choices were made by me. Insurance tried out in various phases in the steps as given.   Whenever possible protection was increased. Research of the comets was done when the comets were near the horizon. The preparation for risk did not improve the progress much, immediately or after some time. I created development pods depending on severity and chances of hit of the comets. They were created and upgraded whenever the severity and chances of hit of the comets was low. I found no where how to upgrade the pods. By clicking the pods after they were created/developed I was able upgrade them.             I played the game several times. I tried out different insurance levels, I increased the protection levels to the extent possible. I researched the comets at different levels of their path. The development of pods rewards risk to a great extent. The grater is the insurance the better. The creation and upgrading of the pods should be done when the comets are at low ebb, i.e.when the severity and chances of hit of the comets  is low. The main things that I have learned from the game are: the comets can change the severity and chances of hit, the protection can be increased gradually, as the game permits,  though high level of insurance is suitable, various insurance levels can be tried out.     The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management like increasing and updating of pods whenever the comets are at a low ebb. In India rural development is at stake because of Natural Calamities, I would like the pods to be developed at a faster rate, a change in the new version of the game. Also the comets to be less effective when Natural Disaster strikes.    I am right hander, but my right hand has not been functioning normally for the last one year. I am not able to go faster, beyond level one of the game, I am not able to even double click, I feel very sorry.                                               