6135171

The role of risk management in
the game was to find a balance between preparing the resilience for the imminent
risk of natural disaster and the development of the city. Choices that I made
at the very first time I played the game were to put “eggs” in many “baskets”,
such as protection and insurance, while developing new pods. I did few researches
on the meteors, thus little knowledge and little time for community
communication during the meteor hits. However, the preparation I made,
especially on protection and insurance, had me losing time and money needed for
developing the city until an acceptable level.I kept losing, and then I realized
that in order to have enough development level, I still need more money, and to
put money for insurance at the very beginning was useless. Thus, I changed
strategy on the next trials by building less pods at the first two levels and not
having any insurance unless the development level has been completed (or almost
reaching acceptable level) and multiple meteors are coming with severity above
current maximum protection level. Moreover, I focused more on reaching higher
resilience by upgrading the pods and by gaining more knowledge from researching
on the coming meteors.Main things I learned from the
game were that in order to successfully develop a city, a region or a country, it’s
important to first having proper knowledge of the upcoming risks, such as its predicted
severity and the probabilities of occurrences. Only then we can follow by the
preparation of acquiring the sufficient protection level for the damages foreseen,
and yet would be much better to have higher protection level, whenever it’s
possible. Important to further note that, even though the development is very
important, we must not blindly pursuing high level of development from the very
beginning. Instead, we start slowly and focus more on giving more resilience to
the new city by upgrading it into higher resilience infrastructure and infuse
them with sufficient knowledge of how to confront the risks when it finally
hit. A great example of this condition is the case of 2010 earthquake in Chile. Furthermore, when protection
level is considered high enough, it can start developing faster and stable due
to higher resilience it’s having now. Until finally, when it’s having enough
resources for keeping its development and there are higher risks that may not
be possible to be handled by its own, then it can also start using insurance to
transfer resources across people and over time, from good to bad states of
nature.Additionally, as it’s said in
the WDR 2014 Overview on Risk and Opportunity, risk management involves not
only considering trade-offs, but also taking synergies into account. The synergy
comes from the knowledge on making an effective use of community connections,
which will make it possible to share the risks and lessen the damages, making
both preparation for and consequences of risks less costly. A change that I would propose to
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live in
Indonesia is, to add a function to make use of advanced technology enabling us
to gain parallel knowledge of the upcoming risks (e.g. researching two meteors
at once), thus saving more time and money. We have the
technology and human skills required, but haven't been using it well. Thus, it would be
great to be able to simulate how it can be much useful to make good use of more
advanced technologies and skills we have to achieve better development and
resilience to risks in Indonesia. 