6140182

Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development
Reflections from the Risk Horizon game
	The main things that I learned from the Risk Horizon game was that it’s it a lot cheaper and shorter to repair a house which was already well construct in the first place. The prevention of a problems can makes the “fireman” works a lot easier... After playing (5 times) the game I’ll try to answer the key questions: 
1.a What was the role of risk management in the game? The role of risk management was multiple. First it was to protecting the city. Second it was to research on the comet, and third it was to take the adapted insurance. 
1.b What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? I chose to upgrade more my protection and my research (only for the high severity) than the insurance. If you work on avoiding the risk then the insurance is less important. It’s a questions of choices. But i have learned that not matter what their is always a risk that we are facing. We can just pick which risk we are ready to face. And how should we face it. 
1.c In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)? After some time of course. As we have seen in the lesson, risk management has a good return on investment (or benefice/cost analysis) But it’s takes time. 

2.a If you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? I try to focus on the main risk. That mean i check all the comet and i was focusing only on those which were very dangerous. Also i try to be faster to answering problem to reduce the damage inflicted in the town. 

3.a The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? I’ll definitively add years time and a better account sheet. Also it will be great to add the relationship that there is with the near towns. 
To conclude this game and the risk management makes me think of the United Nation. Because this international institution is here to prevent and avoided problems like war, and even if this institution actually works well some people will say it’s very useless... Because we don’t see the war that has been avoided. Kofi Annan in is last book talks about all this. very interesting link :) 


