6145465

The role of risk managementThe planet is constantly under threat from meteors which can cause devastating damage to the community. The severity of damage is influenced by the type of meteor collision, the degree of preparedness through research and community links, and the financial and structural resilience. Although meteors vary in their impact, the risk of frequent collisions is a predictable natural disaster, much like the annual monsoon floods experienced in Bangladesh. The game showed that despite being able to forecast the risk, it is difficult to recover fast enough after each shock to develop and build coping strategies for the next shock.In this model, knowledge was gained by the time-consuming process of studying meteors, which was at the expense of spending time developing the community. Judgements had to be made about which meteors posed the greatest threat, and resources allocated proportionately. Protection was offered from better building infrastructure (upgrading pods) and better community connections (through shared knowledge). Insurance was helpful for coping with the financial costs of repair after a shock, but cannot prevent the damage happening in the first place. All these approaches to risk management had to be balanced within time and money constraints.What would you do differently?In the first couple of rounds I was still learning how to play the game, since the instructions were not particularly clear. Once I understood how to build connections in the community, I invested more time in researching the meteors to facilitate this. When I reached level 3, I also began to understand the importance of upgrading buildings for resilience, so I experimented with focusing on having fewer, higher quality buildings. I did not try the game enough times to determine if this strategy was more successful.I played the game several times, but was never able to get above level 3. Eventually I became frustrated at my inability to learn and improve, and quit trying. I suppose in the real world this would correspond to leaving a high risk enterprise, or a leadership role in an at-risk country, if I was unable to cope with shocks. If I had the option, I would seek knowledge and feedback from people who had played the game before. What changes would you propose?The game is very much a unilateral approach to risk management, and I felt I was making decisions in isolation. I would prefer there to be an option to consult the community that lives on the planet for their views (which would also be a more accurate reflection of dealing with incentives and behavioural barriers to risk management), and also to consult expert colleagues (and learn from the experiences of other planets?) I would also like to be able to gain knowledge on my game playing strategy beyond simply the meteor statistics given, so that I could figure-out how to improve.