6145146

Game: In this game we had to balance 3 components of risk management: protection, research and insurance - with a high level of development. Although as my son commented - if the area keeps being destroyed by comets why don't you go and build somewhere else. 

However I know that many people do not have the choice or mobility to move to a different area and have to try to improve conditions where they are.Development: The first part of the game is to develop as many plots as possible (about 5 before the money runs out) and then start to protect yourself against the incoming comets. As the levels progress it becomes more and more important to develop more plots or add additional improvements to already-developed plots in order to reach a sufficient level of development before the time runs out.Insurance: The first times I played I made sure all my buildings were insured before the first comet (or at least the first severe comet) struck. However as I played I realised that this insurance was actually not as useful as simply protecting the area both physically and through research in order to prevent severe damage. I don't think that this is a good lesson to take away from the game. I still think in a real situation that it is important to have insurance.Research: I believe that this was the most important aspect of the game. With a level of 2 or 3 bars of research for an incoming comet (depending on the severity of the comet) the community was much more likely to be secure. This research allowed sufficient time to build community links after a hit and this seemed to mitigate the hit and save the developments from damage in most cases.Protection: When there is a lull between comets it is also important to use the lever to raise the level of the island and protect against floods. The protection needed to secure against the incoming comets, is seen by tracking the comets.Strategy: So the strategy to win is to develop quickly, research incoming comets to fill 2 or 3 bars of each depending on severity and to build protection as required depending on the information on the incoming comets.Application: So how can this be applied to risk management in the real world. The game shows the importance of Development which provides necessary cash for risk management. Building protection for the community to prevent or reduce severity of shocks is vital in order to protect the development of the community. Additionally it is important to have sufficient research on possible shocks in order to understand the threat, build the required protection and build a network of aid between organisations. Despite what is shown in the game, I still think that it is vital to have insurance cover to enable recovery after a major shock has occurred.