6146638

Risk
management was crucial for survival of the village. Firstly, I started to put
emphasis on purchasing insurance, as that was the best way to decrease the
severity of comets’ explosions. Secondly, I decreased the numbers of bungalows,
building just a few, but then upgrading them as soon as possible. The upgraded
bungalows could withstand stronger explosions, although, if damaged, would be
more expensive to repair. I also did a research for those comets with the
strongest probability of collision with my planet, again with the goal of
decreasing the negative consequences of the impact through improving my
knowledge about the comets. For the comets with a low probability of collision,
I took a calculated risk and haven’t invested much in research. I invested the
least in rising the elevation of my settlement, as I haven’t seen too much of a
difference in the outcomes of the games where I would invest a lot in rising
elevation and when I would not.

As mentioned
above, the main thing I learned from the game was the importance of having
insurance. Also, I learned that risk management WAS NOT the only thing
important for the survival of the village, and that economic growth was also
important (e.g. the more bungalows I had, the faster was my budget growing, and
vice versa). Also, the practice makes it perfect – the longer I played the
game, the better I would score. Transposed to the real life, I guess this would
refer to the importance of not having “a
short memory” – which is mentioned as one of the impediments to the risk
management - but continuously building on experiences.

If I was offered a chance
to amend this game, I guess I would try to add a function that can influence
the behavior of individual bungalows’ dwellers. In the game, there was one
single, top down authority (the gamer) who imposes down all the decisions,
which, as we know, is not something that can be easily implemented in reality. In
the real world, this means I would pay special attention to what we call
“communication for development – C4D” – which assumes that important avenue to improve
risk management and resilience in a population is to change the attitudes towards risk management of the population itself. In other
words, not being overly confident that the “disaster cannot happen to me” and
making informed investments in risk
mitigation measures at the individual level is the right step in a risk
management