614674

According to the WDR 2014 “Risk management is the process of
confronting risks, preparing for them, and coping with their effects”. In the context of the game “Risk Horizon”, Allora is a
city which needs development. Since
the city is bombarded with meteors, it becomes necessary to make use of effective risk management so as to manage the harmful effects imposed in the
form of flooding making trade offs
between knowledge, protection and insurance imperative.The game emphasises on the importance of preparation in risk
management. When I started with the first level, I had to juggle between
researching the comets (shock) so as to understand their frequency, level of
severity (preparation) and the probability of negative impact (consequences) as well as generating productive
resources in the city (development). I started off with constructing and
upgrading 3 pods in the first level and increasing protection considering the
worst case scenario (i.e. similar or a notch higher than the severity of the
meteor). The game also highlights the importance of community connections. Communication
with the other pods enhanced the coping mechanism. The more research I did on
the most severe meteor, the more time I could spend on creating connections and
thereby avoiding any damage. I continued developing and upgrading the city by
allocating resources mostly to development and high protection. As a result, I
got a little complacent about protection by the time I reached the last level
since it had been sufficient to protect the city in all the previous levels
(behavioural bias) thereby resulting in c. 8% damage to the pods. As the saying
goes “Prevention is always better than cure”, it highlights the importance of
protecting the city to the maximum extent and to be less dependent on insurance.
Since insurance could cover only upto 93% of the damages, Allora suffered a
setback to its development. So when I replayed the game, I chose to continue
paying attention to protection till the end and researching the comets and
developing the pods.

 A lot of tradeoffs were involved wherein I had to decide
between increasing the protection and spending on research. So I tried
researching when the meteors initially came into the picture and when they were
pretty much near to the sea and increased the protection and development in the
mean time. However, whenever the frequency of meteors with strong severity
would increase I would allocate more resources to insurance implying “its
always better to spend on protection rather than redoing the development”

 If I had a chance to add a new aspect to the game, I would
have liked if the pods been given a choice to insure themselves depending on
the location and their vulnerability, so as to understand the choices made at
an individual level. Could also include the role played by other cities
(international community) who would contribute resources, knowledge (satellite
information) or expertise in handling such shocks.

 It has been an eye opening experience. I finally understood
how research makes it easier to understand the shock and prepare for it and
also how protection at the right time makes coping so much easier. Always
prepare considering the worst case scenario and take in insurance when
protection isn’t adequate.

The place I live in is a hub for hosiery and spinning mills
which are gravely impacted by the untimely and long electricity cuts. Printing
the timings for the cut in newspapers atleast a day before, as well as
announcing these on TV/ radio could go a long way in preparing for the risks
imposed to the production and income for the people. 