6148453



Risk management played a fairly big role
in the Risk Horizon game. Your main concerns were using your opportunities to
build up your pod city, and then dealing with the risk of asteroid strikes. You
had a limited amount of time to build your pods and deal with the asteroids,
for whatever reason. You had to choose between the amount of pods you wanted to
build, and how upgraded you wanted to make them, and then also consider how
much money you’d need to rebuild your pods after an asteroid strike, and how
much insurance you wanted to buy to help cover your repair costs. I ended up
deciding to build a smaller amount of pods, so I had more money left over to
upgrade my pods, do more research on the asteroids, and then have enough left
over to repair my  pods after an asteroid
strike. I learned that the more pods I built, the less knowledge I could gain,
protection I could get, and money I’d have left over to repair everything. I
bought the highest level of insurance every time, as asteroids fell to Earth
waaaay more than they should have, so because of this, the highest level of
insurance was needed to cover all the losses I’d receive each time one asteroid
fell to the ground. 

            For
things that I did differently after playing a few times, I decided on building
a smaller amount of pods, instead of a whole bunch. Like I mentioned earlier,
building a smaller amount of pods gave me more money left over to buy better
insurance, repair the pods I had, and raise the ground level using that slider
button thing. The more research I did, the less of an affect the asteroids had
on my pods, at least I think so. Was also able to upgrade the pods I had
faster, as I had more money to do so. The main thing I learned from this Risk
Horizon game is that, because asteroids fell to this planet to frequently, into
the same area of the planet (which was weird), these pod  people were incredibly stupid to live in this
same area of the planet, and not move somewhere else where asteroids didn’t
fall down to. So trying to repair pods over and over again and have insurance
was a pretty pointless exercise. 

            The
main thing I’d change is eliminate the threat of asteroids from this
game/planet, as that’s completely unrealistic. No pod people would live in the
same area of a planet, if it got continuously hit by asteroids. So for this
game, I’d instead have the main threat/risk be from inner-city crime, a
threat/risk that occurs almost daily, something the pod people would have to
think about more often. Crime you can deal with; asteroids you can’t really (unless
you’re some Type-II civilization). You’d have to think about where you wanted
your property, how much property you had, the insurance you’d take out on your possessions,
the people you voted in city government, etc. 

