6149420

A comet strike is a distinct reality. There is a feeling that this can't happen to us. There is a sentiment that we can prepare for the worst on a moments notice. The idea of blowing up an asteroid or comet is the easy solution to the problem. This  would make the problem worse. The comet would fragment into many smaller but larger pieces many which would head towards the earth and penetrate the protective atmosphere. The unintended consequences of this solution could be worse than the original problem. We have false security that atomic bombs would find a useful purpose. Building spaceships to evacuate the earth is a temporary possibility but there is no place to go. Building sea walls to protect the continents would be extremely costly. It might protect the continents from a massive tsunami but it wouldn't protect us from the atmospheric change, crop failures and devastation to the oceans. There is no insurance to protect against 'Acts of God' . There is a solution to this problem. It is possible to deflect an asteroid or comet of the a planets trajectory. The cost is minimal compared to repairing the damage after the impact. I would suggest a global funding of using space observatories to monitor the skies. Small objects can be detected at a very large distance. Large objects even more easily. The telescopes would scan the skies repeatedly over a short period of several days or long enough to detect a comet long before it is in striking distance. Deep space photography can do spectral analysis and map movements of bodies against the background of  stars. It would be easy to determine the mass and chemical composition of the body and prepare for appropriate response. A space ship could be deployed from space on a moments notice to intercept the comet. The space ship would land on the comet. The space ship would have a massive rocket that would push against the comet after landing and deflect it. A very small deflection would steer the comet away from the earth.   With the possibility of a comet hitting the earth it would be possible to insure property and prepare for impacts from smaller bodies that might be missed by the telescopes. I would incorporate this into the game. The game brings out some interesting ideas but doesn't make reference to mitigation the requirements for insurance coverage. This game can be criticized for the designer not taking into account the possibility of using a spaceship to deflect a comet but this does illustrate the short sighted reasoning that is ingrained in human psychology both on a personal level and institutional level. We fail to make an extra expenditure that could divert a problem. We would rather risk the possibility of something not happening to avoid paying insurance. Likewise government don't want to pay for projects that are seen as to outlandish.