6152645


















1) The game included a great variety of risk management
related issues such as, identifying and prioritizing the threats (comets),
planning the responses etc. For me, it shifted the priority from unsustainable
growth that is to say, to build as many pots as possible without being able at
the same time to maintain these pots and protect them from adverse shocks, to
sustainable growth and consequently development. 

Having always a certain budget, you should always make trade
offs between yield from the pots and
the three powers together. In order
to proceed one should do steps that would further both aspects. If one was
focused only on building too many pots then inevitably he she would not have
the resources to protect the plan against the comets collision.

Knowledge-Protection-Insurance

If somebody had not done a good research against any given threat,
there could be two things. Either be totally unprepared for that, and wrongly
assess the specific threat, consequently suffering great losses, or spend lots
of resources to risks that practically didn't really threaten the world of
aloha. The same applies to protection, protection should always be maintained
at a certain level, and in times of higher risk raised according to the
severity of the risk. Again research- knowledge is the necessary point for
those decisions to be made.

Insurance should always be in place, and again in concert
with research for these systemic shocks. The right choice of insurance can also
make you recover easier from potential damages. However one should bear in mind
that insurance is not synonymous to protection. 

 

2) Playing the game twice showed me two things. Firstly, the
issue research-knowledge was the main key for acting proactively against risks.
Furthermore, building fewer pots but spending more on their upgrade and also
protection ensures a more sustainable growth for the community of “aloha”.

3) The game succeeded in passing the point of risk
management and how important it is to make related decisions by balancing the
elements of research, protection and insurance in order to pursuit development.
However, given that the world of aloha was facing systemic risks and thus was
beyond the means of individuals to deal with, the cooperation of different
parts of society (household, community, country etc.) would better depict the element
of risk management. Last but not least, fat tail events i.e risks of
low-frequency and high-severity, would also be an idea in passing the idea of
expecting the unexpected, undoubtedly a crucial element of risk management. 

 

 

