6152441

I played the game at least four times before I understood you could raise the colony. It didn't seem as if the "energy" cost to do so was in any way prohibitive, so I maxed it out as soon as I could. Which was a wonderful choice as I could safely ignore certain meteorites, saving me both time and money. I think that this infrastructure is a far better investment than insurance as represented in the game. Knowing that I would be above most tidal waves also allowed me to set research priorities--if a meteorite's severity was outside of the margin of error set by having raised the settlement, I didn't have to worry about it. Once this was set, development was rapid and suffered few setbacks. Building my city on a hill--or building a hill under my city--also allowed me to go uninsured until the very last minute. It is nice to have choices about when to spend resources, as it gives you the latitude to develop according to plan. In earlier games, I spent too much time running around repairing leaky rooftops. It finally struck me that, since there doesn't seem to be a spatial advantage to building in one place over another, it was better to leave a few sites open for cheap construction. Once the hill is high enough, you can safely develop these lots without having to do a bunch of repair work. As an aspiring cartographer, I was disappointed that the geospatial element to risk was under represented. I began by building back from the water's edge in the hope that that conferred some advantage. I didn't notice any, as damage from the strikes seems to be meted out equally. Nor did I notice any advantages to adjacency. Sharing and maintaining infrastructure is such a huge aspect of urban planning. Physical proximity seems crucial to disaster response, as well. I expected some sort of bonus for those spaces that were adjacent to more than one developed space.I would not want to live on Alora. Not because it isn't beautiful or anything--and not even because of the constant meteor showers.  but you run around between building projects and gazing at meteorites as if nobody else in the whole place can do these things. Lack of a division of labor is probably a more crucial risk factor than the meteorites themselves. And--"Illuminators?" Really? Is that how the members of the World Bank see themselves? Time to reread Huntingon's "Davos Man" and reflect a little on hubris.