6156664

1. The role of the risk
management in the game is to keep the right balance between all the components
at the right time. The game also requires one to make preparations for the upcoming
risk by adopting various means. Through community linkage, the game also
prepares one for coping 

 Protection, Insurance 
research – all of them were important. I made choices depending upon the severity
of the comet. Insurance was must. Too much of research was not necessary, but
some research definitely helped. Protection was more or less continuous. Once
there is a strike, community linkage helped. Sometimes while repairing the pods
funds reduced, so I could not buy the high price insurance resulting in high
damage. 

Preparations for risk helped
in reducing the impact of the comet strike. Having insurance beforehand helped
in spending less money on the repairing of the pods. For reducing the impact
immediately community linkage helped.2.  I played the game several
times, first failing at level 1, then level 2, then level 3 and then level 4.
While playing the game more than once I understood different components better
and the relations between them. I tried to figure out when the comet strikes
most, but could not figure out. The risk of comet strike  damage thereof remained
uncertain throughout. 

 After the first time I
tried to gain information on each component, observed the time to reach each research
bar, checked the information bar for each comet, especially severity 
chances of strike. I also worked hard to protect the pods  raise the meter
bar. 

 The learnings from the game
are: 

-         
To begin with it is very
important to have information on various factors that can affect the impact of
the risk – both positively  negatively. In the game it is about the
severity of the comet strike, chances of strike, research need, cost of
insurance, etc.

-         
It is always better to know
more about the risk coming so that you get prepared for the impact. This also
helps in coping.

-         
One should not panic in an
emergency situation. This may lead to more damage. In the game when more than
one comet comes at a time, then I got panicked. I moved from one action to
another, without completing one. This led to failure.

-         
Insurance helps a lot in
coping. 

-         
There is only limited
resource, so balancing is very important.  



3. I work for the health sector. Health insurance is
a major component of my work. Getting the community to buy health insurance is
a huge task. People do not seek health care till the later stage. They also do not
go for health insurance in spite of the knowledge they have on the benefits of health
insurance even if they can afford it. So there is a need for behavior change
both at the level of accessing health care at an early stage and have a health
insurance

In this context I would like to add the component
of behaviour change in the game. This should show how behaviour change leads to
more gain and prepares people to confront the risk and coping better.  

