6159768

1.    What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

 The role of risk management in the game was protecting through
insurance to recover from uncertainties and exposure of hazard. Knowledge is
required for early recovery and insurances are required for minimizing losses.

Depending upon the level of hazard and the likelihood of occurrence
of disaster, the research was conducted to minimize impact of hazard and
recover through insurances. The preparation of risk is important task, most
often neglected but plays significant role in early recovery or minimum losses
if the disasters are unavoidable. Risk management is a trade-off between
knowledge, protection and insurance, lots resources are required for knowledge
which could setback development and protection but the resources for recovery
are less in comparison to actual losses. The appropriate insurances minimizes
losses and early recovery from disasters.

 2.    If you
played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it
again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?

The different choices of research, insurances, wise use of
resources were carried out with trial and error way. This task showed that disaster
risk management is a complicated and we have to deal with uncertainties. Risk management
is part of the development effort but it is inherent to development work so
that properties and lives are saved.

Risk management averts damages and prevent development setbacks,
provides opportunity to understanding the environment in which risk and
opportunity are equally embedded and the focus should be to increase
opportunity. Reduce possibility of loss and increase possibility of gain.

Risk management requires preparation and coping (updating
knowledge and deploying insurance and protection). Knowledge can increase protection
and insurance to cope with losses and get benefit.

 

 3.    The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

 To better represent the Disaster risk management, I would propose
to add knowledge as a foundation to simulate the game so that there is clear
understanding of importance of knowledge for the protection of vulnerable
community and the preparedness to insure safety (life and property) in a better
way to cope with disasters in a sustainable way.