6160845

Opportunity for development was presented in the Risk Horizon game.  The initial wealth pool, together with the
chance of increasing wealth by building and/or upgrading the community engaged
the player to decide on how to utilize the available resources to attain the
development goal per level.  The unpredictable
presence of comets presented threats to the on-going development.  The time limit gave a sense of urgency in
making decisions.  

Information about the comets, like severity and chances of
being hit, are provided as a tool to make decision on how to avert potential
loss due to damage.  The protection meter
also gave the chance to counter-act the severity of the impact of the comet.  Networking among community members was also
available to cushion the negative impact of any hit from the comets.

In the game, I utilized risk management by preparing for and protecting from the
threat of potential loss from damage of any comet hit.  I Utilized research information in order to
choose measures to protect the community- either by increasing the protection
meter or taking insurance to cover imminent loss. Balancing severity and
possibility of hit with the protection meter was not very difficult, if there is enough resources.  However, protecting the economic status of
the community amid the threat and the cost of the preparation (protection meter
and insurance) can twist my decision towards either success or failure to
achieve the goal.  

The cost of preparation through installing enough protection
in the protection meter was a suitable preparation during the earlier part of
any level.  The cost is not constant but
increasing per level of the meter.  If
you prepare early on, the costs of increasing the protection meter level will
not be as expensive, given that the economic development is already
progressing.  Insurance is limited in
terms of coverage and is costly, but protects the economic condition of
community from loss due to damage, especially if the community has reached the high level of development costing 781. 

In playing the game more than once, I was able to experiment
with different scenarios.  However, the
occurrence of comets and their characteristics are irregular, just like threats
and calamities in real life.  In playing the game, I
learned that risk management is situation-specific but has to have strong
fundamentals—access to knowledge as a tool for decision-making; ability to utilize the information for action; providing
protection measures to mitigate damage; insurance to cover costs, as well as,
networking with affected communities to counter losses.

If given the chance to suggest improvements to the game,
another level involving government inter-action might be
interesting.  The present game simulates
an individual capacity to use risk management. 
However, inter-acting with government can be a level-up
to show the obstacles in implementing risk management programmes.  The presence of government policies can provide ease or difficulty in making individual decisions for systemic risks or even in networking activities.  The national and local government of the Philippines has passed the Philippine Risk Reduction Management Act of 2010 and we have been plagued with natural calamities for the past 3 years.  Benchmarking our present response to disasters and gauging how to improve government projects for disaster preparedness and climate change through this course might be a big help for our country and the most affected communities.