6164699

GAME REFLECTION

 

The role of risk management in the game is reflected in
different factors:

 

Preparation factors:

 

·     
Knowledge: Research on comets provides
knowledge about their real severity and probability to impact.

·     
Protection: The button in the right hand
side provides protection. There are different levels of protection and reaching
them costes money. In order to be sure about the protection’s success, the
protection level must match the comet’s severity level.

·     
Insurance: There are three levels of
insurance to cope with a comet’s impact.

 

Actions:

 

Building and improving buildings is the objective. Buildings
provide wealth.

 

Coping:

 

If a comet impacts, buildings will be damaged. We need to
repair it in order to go on and this will be cheaper and quicker depending on
which insurance we have paid for.

 

 

My strategy:

 

I tried to buy first of all a medium insurance at every
level. After that I focused on building while researching on comets in order to
increase protection when needed.

 

I played the game many times. The first times I tried to
build many buildings at the same time and bought insurance only when I saw a
very severe comet coming. That left me with great damages when I did not have
resources to buy insurance. Those times I could not recover from severe
impacts.

 

The last times I decided to buy insurance first of all and
then build and improve buildings in a progressive way. For example, I built and
improved three buildings only in the first level, and then more and more in the
levels after.

 

I learned that being prepared (buying insurance) is very
important: it is better to develop slowly but protected than to develop quickly
but not protected. If a shock arrives and one is not protected, all efforts
achieved will fade away.

 

 

Possible improvements:

 

I believe the game reflects risk management very well. I was
not able to win level 4 and I think the game is already complex enough and it
does reflect aspects like behaviour and incentives: they are reflected on one’s
acts when, for example, thinking that the comets will be missed or that the
impact will not cause serious damages is a clear behavioural factor.

 

I really enjoyed playing the game even though I could not achieve
the higher levels.