6166908

Game or Reality?Risk Horizon is an online risk management game that captures the delicate balance for minimizing risk (resiliency) while preserving and promoting sustainable development (prosperity).  As a newly titled Luminator I found it useful to take the tutorial.  The session set the stage to ensure success for developing a healthy Alora community.  (And to learn how to play the game.)I must admit that I became rather complacent initially after experiencing the ease of Level I.  And managed, reasonably well in Level II, which requires a rather delicate balance of 3 crucial elements of risk management - Research, Insurance, and Protection.  I experienced a 4th element in Level III - Coping.My goodness, was I frustrated with "being in the red" and repairing my pods endlessly.  Ultimately, to have failed (20 times) and required to start from the beginning.  Each and every time, back to square one. I may have even cursed - in Lumination vernacular of course.It wasn't until I returned to the tutorial to realize my mistake.  Which was underestimating the importance of gaining community support.  (Playing the yellow dots like a game of whack-a-mole.)Balancing resources and gauging when to start development was extremely tricky and required a blend of patience, adequate research and thanking the planetary heavens.  Several occasions of cosmic "missed" encounters brought a smile to my face and a fist pump to the skies.  Conversely, when research indicated low Severity and a low Hit factor but, nonetheless ended up in over 50% damage - I was depressed, down-trodden and wanted to catch the next galactic shuttle home.Being from Florida/St. Lucia and having withstood numerous Cat 1-5 hurricanes, mud slides, and flooding - I had a sense of nostalgia being on Alora.  It was not hard to gather a relative empathetic sense of knowing and understanding the difficulties with this lifestyle - the proverbial: thrill of victory; agony of defeat mantra.  I, indeed, persevered and made it thru Level IV to grab my 10% academic prize (opportunity).  There was no pomp and circumstance.  No bells ringing, no ticker-tape parade and no dancing with the stars.  Just the satisfaction that I learned a lot and benefited tremendously by the experience.   So I guess for me, it was both a game and my reality. Sidebar:  Since risk managements ultimate resource is people, I thought it might be nice if the game were to add people getting emergency assistance (after shock)) and then returning "healthy" and capable of providing knowledge, experience and assistance as another resource.  I really want to see what an actual Luminator looks like.