6172169

                                                                   Risk Management –
Reflections from the Risk Horizon game

 

Effective risk management played a decisive role in winning the
game. As we know that effective risk management contains two phases; the
preparation phase then the coping phase. These two phases were so clear in the
game. As the preparation phase consists of three major elements; gathering knowledge,
research, seeking a protection, and getting insurance. While coping is how to
react and overcome the problem when it occurs, when the comet hit the land. So,
in the game it was necessary for that area to develop and keep in growing to
have an effective risk management otherwise that area would have destroyed if
there were no enough research conducted on the risk of the comets, and if there
was no protection implemented to mitigate the effect of the comets when they
hit the land and if there was no insurance that can save you tons of money when
the crisis happen. The more you are prepared the better you can cope. 

Personally, I was more concerned in the game to keep as
highly protected as possible as it seemed to be a long term investment that
kept my area safe throughout the levels, unlike insurance where I had to pay a
lot of money for only one level. So for me, insurance in the game was a waste
of resources given the fact that I could, by conducting a long research on the
severe comets and keep my protection level high, save the land from being
damaged. 

When I played the game for the first time I lost at level 4
because I didn’t have enough resources as I sacrificed a lot of them on
purchasing the best insurance option at each level where I didn’t have to use
it all levels, so when I played the game again, I completed the six levels, I
only purchased the cheapest insurance at the sixth level where I also didn’t
have to choose it. Therefore, I consider the key factor for me to win the game
was the trade-offs I made at the preparation level, where I gave up insurance
to get a better protection, long-term investment,  and to conduct a better research, which gave
me the chance to cope better when the crisis happened. 

To make the game more realistic in terms of risks I would
have done three things: 

First, I would have increased the uncertainty because in the
real life there is an inherent risk that no matter how prepared you are you won’t
be able to stop it. That would have forced me to try to put some resources
aside to deal with any emergency and that also would have forced me to purchase
the insurance as I wouldn’t be so certain that my protection would save me. 

Second, I would have made the insurance a long-term
investment as the protection was. But to mock the reality in the best way I
would have decreased the percentage that the insurance would cover at each
level and asked for extra resources to increase the level of the indemnity the
insurance would cover, as it is known that there is a strong correlation
between the property the insurance cover and its cost and the level of
indemnity. As the property covered in the insurance increases then the cost of
the insurance increases, and as you pay more for the insurance you will get
more indemnity. 

In conclusion, the game was great and showed the importance
of risk management for development in a simplified yet very clear way. 