6191263

The role of risk management in Risk Horizon is to facilitate the
development of a pod community by implementing knowledge, protection, and
insurance components of risk preparation. The game challenges users to choose
an individual or integrated group of components to appropriately use in a given
context. This mission, in addition to dealing with limited funds and time
constraints, represents the challenges of achieving optimal outcomes of
successful risk management: to reduce the losses and increase the benefits that
can occur in the presence of risk.  

I played the game numerous times. My first
few attempts consisted of failures within Level 1, during which I focused all expenses
and time on creating a perfectly integrated system of preparation components
that could successfully manage the impact of shocks brought on by comet-causing
waves. Needless to say, I failed to manage the development of the pods before
my finances dissipated and the time ran out. These various trials taught me that
understanding the goal of risk management is different from being able to
successfully implement it; I realized the complexity and vitality of finding a
balance between fostering healthy development and preparing for risk. 

I purchased insurance at the beginning of
every level; ensuring the presence of insurance served as a risk management
strategy for any remaining uncertainty after the implementation of research and/or
protection. This reduced the necessity of spending too much on ensuring
protection and additionally allowed the development bar to continue rising. However, I was forced to confront some trade-offs between protection
and insurance when there was not enough time to wait for the island to rise to
the shock severity point. In these occurrences, the only option was to purchase
the highest rate of affordable insurance and hope there would not be any
remaining structural damages to fund.

The research and knowledge component proved
to be the most important member of the interlinked preparation strategy.
Researching provided me with cash to fund development as well as the option to
increase protection through community connections. In some high-risk contexts,
I was forced to confront a trade-off situation between the knowledge and
protection components. When the price of protection had risen dramatically and an
appropriate rate of insurance was already purchased, time constraint forced me
to allocate all remaining funds to community development. The only way to reduce
the potential of loss was to substitute protection with research. Researching the
approaching comet for a prolonged period of time provided me with the chance to complete
numerous community connections, therefore increasing protection and reducing
losses.  

If I could add something to Risk Horizon in the context of my
hometown, I would make the island larger and have an element of the game
incorporate the risks associated with distance from the coast. I believe that
this would add a realistic, yet simple, dimension to the understanding of
healthy development and risk preparation. 