6195659

The game reflects very well how me
have to take into account the possibility of happening of future events that may
be put at risk our development. That is why we need to make an effort to avoid
as much as possible the effects of these unwanted events. In my case, I gave more
importance to research and protection than to insurance, because it is demonstrated
that a continuous and significant investment in these sectors, guarantee a most
powerful country at the time of managing its risks, rather than contract
insurances which are not really a value added in terms of productivity. And of
course, this investment in protection and knowledge will make slower the development
of the colony but this way we will have a sustainable development which is what
we want.

If I played the game only once,
probably I would have had the same strategy cause I think that is the correct
one. Maybe with more opportunities as I had, the difference is the different
weight I have given to knowledge and protection in terms of time
dedicated to that in the game, but the whole strategy would be more or less the
same: not to build many pots quickly and give a significant budget to investment
and protection and not so much to insurance, for example contracting only the
first or the second one in terms of price. Because as in the presentations of
the course, the thing that we learn from the game is that the uncontrolled
development is unfeasible in the long term.

If I had developed the game,
probably I would have included other factors and issues that also have influence
at the time of managing risk and develop a country. For instance, we can talk
about the conflicts, dictatorships, plans of austerity, payments of debt or
brain drain and other obstacles that prevent a good risk management although
the decision makers and people in general are awared of its importance. So this game should also
reflect that maybe through other kinds of hits (as with the comets), and we would
see that it would be almost impossible to reach even the second level of the
game. That is the situation of many countries in the world, mainly in
Africa, Asia and Latin America, which although have enough resources to develop
and managing risks by themselves, we see that they remain in the
sub-development and with a constant lack of risk management.