6204817

The game was designed simple yet educational. At the start
of the game, it was apparent that the risk would be the destruction and harm
brought about when the comets hit the planet or shall we call it the location
of development. So to mitigate this risk, purchasing insurance and building
protection was imminent. However, players should learn that other risk surfaces
as the game proceeds. An example of such risk was under investment to develop the
place. The risk of under-development is financial failure caused by
insufficient income generation. In the aspect of this game, the player would
fail to reach the next level as he did not make enough income. 

In my opinion, after having played the game, the role of
risk management in the game was to strike a balance between investing or taking
opportunities, protecting and insuring. I usually trade off insurance for protection
at the beginning of the game as spending on protection is more cost efficient
than getting the higher level of insurance. And through experience, I believe building
up resilience is very effective for dealing with the aftermath of disaster. The
developments took lesser time to recover from the damage caused by the disaster
when preparation was adequate. The ability to react fast and take action fast
was also very crucial. Preparedness and responsiveness could reduce the damages
caused by the disaster to the minimum. Nevertheless, I also believe in the
advice that a little goes a long way. For that reason, I purchase the minimum
level of insurance even when the chances of being hit were low and the severity
of destruction was also low. Having just sufficient insurance without over-spending
on it is also a key point in risk management.

I played the games a numbers of times. The main things I did
which were always different from the previous attempts were to try to strike a
balance between investing (developing), insuring and protecting. Gaining the
knowledge about the disasters that could strike was crucial as the steps taken
to mitigate the harm brought about by the disaster would depend on it. To maximize
the benefit of insurance, I build up my asset to earn enough income to purchase
the maximum level of insurance. Having the maximum insurance reduced the
financial burden that I have to bear when harm was done by the disaster. 

Development should coincide with information gathered on
disaster. The right amount of development should come at a right timing. Development
should hold to a certain extent when there is information that a severe
disaster in inevitable. This would reduce the cost for dealing with the
aftermath of the disaster.

If I were to improve the game, I would:

Provide more information on disaster as the stages of the
game progress. (For example: Stage 2 information would be more available than stage
1 and so on.) This is because the main thing that would upset the progress of
development is the strike of disaster. As in real life, I believe that past
events would build up the experience in managing risks. More information should
be available as time goes by. Information is of paramount important in risk
management. The improvement on information provision would enable players to know
in advance the probable damage caused by the disaster and thus plan for the
required insurance and protection. 

