6217043

Risk Horizon Game Reflection

 

For me, the role of
risk management in the game was to balance development by taking responsibility
for the identification and assessment of the risk, and respond to the
risk.  Where I had to look for the
best responses to the risk and opportunities arising from the risks that I was
taking.  Most important of all, I
managed the process and implemented responses that were risky to time, cost and
quality.  

 

But at the same time,
I had to make complex choices between threats and opportunities to balance
development because of the uncertainty of the risk happening.  So to deal with these obstacles I had to
quickly change, adjust and adapt my behaviour, since I was being confronted
with trading in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance.  For example, I was incentivised to
research and gather information; I had to think more strategically, thus
investments paid back over time; consequently protecting the communities that I
had built. 

 

Not surprisingly,
immediately and after some time, preparing for risk was expensive and affected
development because buying insurance was expensive, also protecting the
community was expensive.  Yet, on
the other hand, knowledge was key to understanding what was happening; for this
reason I invested time to research incoming comets.

 

Moreover, I played the
game more than once, as a result of adjusting and adapting to a new way of
thinking to focus my attention on initiating a strategy that would nurture the
future survival and growth of the community.  To make this happen, I had to first identify the risks; then
assess how significant the risks were; in order to plan responses to the risks;
and finally implement responses to manage the process.

 

Ultimately, the main
things I learnt from the game were how to balance available resources for the
future survival and growth of the community. But at the same time I was given
incentives to find information for economic-growth, resilience, and
leadership.  Furthermore, through
the management of risk, I had more chance of controlling costs; finding that
the effectiveness of risk management is hard to prove because if risks that are
identified fail to materialise, then was it due to good risk management or poor
risk identification?

 

Under these
circumstances, if I were developing a new version of the game, I would implement
policy action on planning permission for building standards; that would have to
be built into the foundation of risk management, and always review the implemented
risk response on a continuous basis; because how we value risks provides us
with a mirror of both the choices we make and the world that we believe to live
in.

 

(438
words)

 

 

 

References:

 

Association for Project Management (2004) “Project Risk Analysis and Management Guide”.
APM Publishing Limited, 2nd Edition, Buckinghamshire, England, UK.

 

Engagement Labs, (2014) "Risk Horizon Game”.  Available at:

http://www.riskhorizon.org/FAQ.html


(Accessed: 9 July 2014).

 

McDaniels, T. and Small, J. (2004) “Risk Analysis and Society”. Cambridge
University Press, Cambridge, England, UK.

 

The World Bank, (2014) World Development
Report “Risk and Opportunity: Managing
Risk for Development”. Washington, DC.  Available at: http://elibrary.worldbank.org/doi/abs/10.1596/9780821399033_Overview

(Accessed: 2 July 2014).

 

Wethli, K. et al (2014) “Risk and Opportunity: Google Hang Out”,
World Bank’s Open Learning Campus.  Available at: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FHxVpnEPXY

(Accessed: 11 July 2014).

 

 

 

                              