6223605

Reflections on RM Game By Akin
 Jobi-stevens

1i)

The Level of success attained in this game depends largely
on the awareness of the key components on effective Risk Management, namely;
Knowledge, Insurance and protection. For instance, knowing exactly what to do
as when required is derived from the knowledge acquired through research. This
gives the time, chance and the gravity of the damage (severity) that may be
done , in this case by hitting of a comet.

This knowledge
provides a window to make choice on the level of Protection required by comparing the degree of severity to that of
protection to safeguard against an imminent shock (comet hit). Also, the insurance procured mitigate the effect
of the shock in terms of the time taken for repairs as well as its cost. For
example, with a protection of 4 bars at $4 each and 75% insurance at $ $175 procured to protect 4 Pods built at $200 each, and repairs for each at $12, total cost of preparation is just $239 (4 x 4+175+12 x 4) . Compared this to cost of repairs for
each pod at $83, which is $332 (83 x 4) if damage occurs with no adequate preparation is
in place prior to comet hit (Cost benefit of RM).

1ii)

Whereas the acquisition of knowledge is almost
non-negotiable as it is the source of information on time, chance
(probability of hit) and severity of a possible damage that may results if no
sufficient preparation is in place before hit, it therefore leaves no room for
trade-offs on it (knowledge), Choices and trade-offs are made between levels of
protection/insurance on the one hand and repairs/development on the other.

1iii)

Level of possible development that could have been carried
out had to be traded-off for preparation against an imminent shock (risk), in
terms of funds expended on purchasing adequate insurance and acquisition of
protection.

2i) Repeating the
Game

Repeating the game me a better knowledge of the relationship
between the severity of an imminent comet hit and the level of protection
required to mitigate its effect or where possible, avert its damage. It appears the more the game is played the more knowledge is acquired through experience.

2ii) Main Lessons

The main lessons thought in the game is how to apply the
three key components (preparation) of an effective risk management namely;
knowledge, Insurance and protection (coping not included here) to situations
which are otherwise risky (probable loss) either to mitigate the effect of
shock or eliminate it where possible.

The others are – (a) the costs of repairs always exceed the initial
cost required for preparation, especially for well-developed structures. 

(b) Preparation for shock can lead to development (opportunity)such
as knowledge acquired through research lead to seeking adequate protection and
insurance which minimized waste and allow for more investment.

3) What I may Change
in Game

Given the opportunity to add or change the game, I would
make some steps simultaneous (not sequential) for example, both protection and
insurance could be secured at the same time, so also is creating community connections and carrying out repairs. For instance, while community
connections is been made, repairs can be carrying on.

 