6239259

1.      
The primary role of risk management in the game
was to mitigate the effects of impeding shocks to ensure developmental goals are achieved in the stipulated time. I made
three key decisions at the start of the game:a.      
Always buy insurance at the start of each level
as I knew I would not have enough time to build protection while ensuring I
meet the developmental goals.

b.     
Development was always kept at ‘yellow’ on the
development gauge and when it turned ‘green’, I would channel resources to
build protection.c.      
Dedicate time to research as it provided me
accurate information on the chance of being hit and whether my existing
protection was sufficient to mitigate the likely severity of the impact.Building
protection potentially jeopardises development as it channels resources away immediately. However, ensuring there is adequate protection and insurance is essential as it not only reduces the damage inflicted but it reduces
the recovery time when a comet hits.

2.      
After playing the game once, I realised that
insurance must be re-purchased at the start of each level while protection can
be accumulated across levels. Therefore, it is highly favourable to ensure protection
is built during every level and to have it accumulate to an adequate point to
meet the average severity of the comets at that level.      From
the example above, I gained one key learning that there is need to build a
strong foundation for risk
management with the view to continually build upon the existing infrastructure for further protection
and security. Another
key learning is to be realistic and accept the fact that I cannot pursue everything simultaneously. I need to ensure
there is adequate protection for my ‘pods’ but not at the expense of not meeting my
developmental goals. Thus, my risk management plan needs comprise of all three components of research
(knowledge), protection and insurance at varying
levels to help cope with the threats and damage of the comets.Lastly,
I also learnt the importance of maintaining a reserve in view of an impending
shock. Despite having insurance
and protection, there is still a strong need to have resources after the shock to ensure recovery time is at
its minimum so that development can resume quickly as before.

3.      
Two suggestions to the game which might made the
choices more realistic:a.      
With increased research, make protection
cheaper. One cost of protection which might or might not have been taken into
account is the cost of convincing people for the need of the protection. The
reason for this cost is covered in the lecture videos relating to behavioural biasness
of communities and people. With more research, there would be more information
and justification to the recommended protection or risk management initiatives.b.     
Understanding the short term view of people in
general, the cost of protection should vary with the time from the last impact.
After a string of ‘misses’ of comets, protection cost should increase as it
would be more difficult to convince people to dedicate resources to protection
given that they are likely to have ‘forgotten’ about its negative effects.
Reversely, it should be cheaper to invest in protection when an impact has just occurred as people would require less convincing. 