624501

 Risk management in the game will never be
perfect. Practice, experience, and actual loss results will necessitate changes
in the plan and contribute information to allow possible different decisions to
be made in dealing with the risks being faced.Risk analysis results and
management plans should be updated periodically. There are two primary reasons
for this:

1.      to evaluate whether the previously
selected security controls are still applicable and effective

2.      to evaluate the possible risk level
changes in the business environment. For example, information risks are a good
example of rapidly changing business environment.

Risk
management identifies a new type of a risk that has a 100% probability of
occurring but is ignored by the organization due to a lack of identification
ability. For example, when deficient knowledge is applied to a situation, a
knowledge risk materializes. Relationship risk appears when ineffective
collaboration occurs. Process-engagement risk may be an issue when ineffective
operational procedures are applied. These risks directly reduce the
productivity of knowledge workers, decrease cost-effectiveness, profitability,
service, quality, reputation, brand value, and earnings quality. Intangible
risk management allows risk management to create immediate value from the
identification and reduction of risks that reduce productivity. Risk management
also faces difficulties in allocating resources. This is the idea of
opportunity cost. Resources spent on risk management could have been spent on more
profitable activities. Again, ideal risk management minimizes spending (or
manpower or other resources) and also minimizes the negative effects of risks.

 The game captures are an innovation of risk management.
Innovation is an important topic in the study of economics, business,
technology, sociology, and engineering. Colloquially, the word
"innovation" is often used as synonymous with the output of the
process. Since innovation is also considered a major driver of the economy, the
factors that lead to innovation are also considered to be critical to policy
makers.
In the organizational context, innovation may be linked to performance and
growth through improvements in efficiency, productivity, quality, competitive
positioning, market share, etc. All organizations can innovate, including for
example hospitals, universities, and local governments.
While innovation typically adds value, innovation may also have a negative or
destructive effect as new developments clear away or change old organizational
forms and practices. Organizations that do not innovate effectively may be
destroyed by those that do. Hence innovation typically involves risk. A key
challenge in innovation is maintaining a balance between process and product
innovations where process innovations tend to involve a business model which
may develop shareholder satisfaction through improved efficiencies while
product innovations develop customer support however at the risk of costly
RD that can erode shareholder return.
"Innovation, like many business functions, is a management process that
requires specific tools, rules, and discipline."
The Innovation Equation she developed is:
Innovation = Creativity * Risk Taking
Using this inventory it is possible to plot on axis where individuals fit on
their Risk Taking and Creativity.

