6259633

1.) There were different roles of risk management that could be applied. Insurance could be taken out, which covered up to 75% of losses and had to be re bought with every level of the game. It also got more expensive with each level of the game. Secondly
there was the chance to investigate the meteorites and their probability of striking and the force they would strike with. Finally you could build protection against the flooding. The level of protection stayed the same after switching to a new level,
but it decreased when I got hit. At the beginning I always invested into insurance straight away, so I would be kept save during one level of the game, even if the flood would strike at the very beginning. Then I gradually invested into protection measures. 

2.) I played the game a few times and did not really like the research into meteorites function. It did not do very much for me. While I invested heavily into insurance during my first few games, I changed into putting
more money into protection later on. I learned that a mix of protective measures and a clever investment into building more houses and upgrading them is probably the best way to succeed in this game. Alwas keeping in mind that this is just a game and that in real life, things would be more complicated and that more factors would have to be considered that would also affect the outcome of a disaster that is likely to happen. 

3.) I would try to install a “warning” button, where
you would be able to warn beforehand when there is a high probability that a meteorite would strike. Then houses could be safeguarded against this better (that would be an extra thing to add as well – meaning that there would be a button that lets you
“safeguard” your house before the meteor strikes. It would be cheaper to do so, than to clean up the damage afterwards..). All in all, I was not very impressed with the game, since it is a very simplified version of a disaster that could happen. In real
life there would be way more things to take into consideration, but I guess the game showed in simple terms of what disaster management could be about.