6261464

Hello all,The role of risk management is clearly defined in the game as it deals with the development of the community "Alora", taken into consideration some risks that is assigned with the comet attacks and some trade offs which are there in the form of protection, insurance and knowledge. Trade offs are there because of the limited resource MONEY, that automatically increases with its own pace. So while playing the game you need to keep in mind the basic idea of how risk management should be conducted?. that is Preparation and Coping. While preparing you need to carefully and critically analyse the situation as to where to allocate the money and what should be the quantity that needs to be allocated across different options. Also you need to keep in mind the basic goals of risk management that is to be resilient and to achieve prosperity. One of the most important observation in the game is the development bar. It is quite interesting  that the development bar only fills up when the player is trying to develop the community "Alora" and is not stick to the resilient concept. So it clears out the two basic objectives of risk management. When I first played the game I was trying to build the whole community at once and thus was failing in allocating much required amount in insurance, protection and knowledge. Then In the next try I tried the systematic approach of going step by step and did every action in line with another, as a result development bar started climbing up, a relaxing moment after a long time trying. Every level seemed easy then, a nice way of learning. The crux of risk management were clearly depicted in the game. I am a student in University of Delhi doing Economics H so i will design a game involving risk of the students and their trade offs. In my game the LIMITED RESOURCE money will be replaced by Time, the trade offs will be Studies, Friends, Activities. The COMETS will be the Exams or may be results of activities. And the ultimate goal as it was the development of the community of "Alora" in the game it will be the overall development of a student so that he or she gets a good placement at last. So the students will need to judiciously allocate limited time to various activities so that the Placement bar fills up and let them win in the game as well as in the life too. In that way the game will carry a decent message too.