626278

Risk Management played a huge role in protecting the
community of Alora in the game. Effective risk management allowed for proper planning
against the impending disasters (incoming comets) which threatened the pods in
the community. Studying the comets allowed for more research/knowledge, which
gave me more time to use the community to prevent damage; hence it allowed me
to improve understanding of possible shocks
and their potential outcomes. Protection, in the form of raising the colony to
protect against the waves provided a shield from the waves. It reduced the
probability or magnitude of losses from negative shocks, or increased gains
from positive shocks. Insurance allowed me to recover at a lower cost by repairing the pods, in case
the comet caused damage. Insurance allowed to transfer resources from good to
bad times, or to those most in need in bad times. Protection and knowledge (researching the comets) had the trade-offs of time. For example if I spent more time building up the wall, I would have less time to do other things, such as research the comet or upgrade my pods. Same would go for research/knowledge as I could spend the time I used to research a comet for raising the wall, or upgrading my pod. The trade-off for Insurance mainly involved cost, as I wasn't sure if I would need the insurance, as there was always a chance that I would miss a comet, so the upfront cost of insurance for the different levels, was a trade-off. Preparation for risk management (research/raising the wall/purchasing insurance) did affect development. Time spent on risk management affected development immediately (as I was not able to upgrade/build the pods in time) and also after some time (The money used for risk management, building the wall, left me with little capital to build/upgrade the pods in the future). And, of course, the largest trade-off would be that is the comet missed, the efforts would not be worth the cost/effort.I played the game only once. If i played it again, I would ensure that I build more pods and upgrade them all gradually, instead of focusing on and upgrading only a few select pods. This would spread the risk and provide a better infrastructure for community protection. I would also, purchase better insurance if I saw a comet with huge severity and large chances of hitting. I would also try to spend more time researching comets so I can use better community protection in case the comet hits.I would add different disasters, something other than natural disasters. for example, I could add the element of crime or war to the game. These issues would be directly related to the community's policies and law enforcement agencies. For example, researching in conflict resolution or maintaining a combat force would resolve the issues of war and crime in the game. 