6268297

My reflections from the Risk Horizon Game.

This game
represents the situation of a community living in an island and having to face
to falling comets in the ocean. These shocks induce tsunamis and then
destructions and floods. 

This
community can prevent damages and better develop with a proper risk management
composed with:

Research:
they can look into space and learn the chance the comet hits and its severity.
By accumulating research, these two indicators may change. They can also receive
more time right before the comet hits to create community connections.Protection:
they can protect against the waves by raising their island and matching their
level of protection with the severity of the comet. By doing research, they can
also receive more time right before the comet hits to create community
connections and boost their protection.Insurance:
they can buy three types of insurance to quickly and cheaper rebuild pods
damaged from flooding.





The role of
risk management in this game was to balance effectively with these three components.

The highest
score I ever got to (four or five attempts) was level 4. 

My strategy
after learning from tutorial and reading some messages in the forum was:

Ignoring
the comets with very low degree of severity and/or chances to hit;trying
to do the maximum of research from comets with high degree of severity;raising
the level of the island to match it with the severity of the comet;building,
upgrading and developing as many pods as I can with my resources and when I had
time to do it;trying
to do the maximum of connections to amplify the protectionBuying
insurances finally because I didn’t understand their interest and operating
mode in the game. 













This game
shows that in order to have healthy development, time and resources must be
spent on risk preparation using knowledge, protection and insurance. These
actions need to be used together, some at certain times more than others.

If I played
the game only once:

I
will not anymore ignore comets with low chance to hit. Indeed, I think that there
is nothing to do if you sustain two major damages in a row.I
will read better instructions relatives to insurances. I will not build as many pods as I can from
the earliest levels.I
will better follow the progress bar.I
will press more often the pause button to try thinking.









If I had to
change or add one simple thing in this game, I will allow to replay the game at
the last level won.