6273388

The preparation for the eventual shocks that
may have different levels of destruction is the main role of risk management in
the game. However, the opportunity cost is what I take into account to make my
decisions during the game.

Resources are limited and I had to make
decisions on what to waste the money in. I realized that the optimum position
was the mix of knowledge (research), protection (ex ante) and insurance (ex
post) measures. Assumptions also play their role, as, for instance, I assumed
that as much as I build will be better for reaching more resources to invest
again in better constructions, research and insurances. The game, hence, doesn’t
take into account that savings is also an option that can be considered.

Is it obvious that preparation doesn’t have an
immediate effect; it is an investment which effect will be recollected in the
future. It is also tested that experience is always helpful. With more
experience, decision-making gets gradually easier.

The main think I learned from the game is that
there is not a unique way to approach risk. Flexibility and adaptability are
very important. And ex-ante measures are vital. The ability to mix preparation,
protection and insurance will assure minimize the risk and maximize the
resilience; the experience is important and also it is the fact of don’t forget
that even if there are threats that are not harmful, risk management is always
important. Risk can be minimized,, possibility of loss is always present.
Insurance are most valued when fatalities have occurred, which is related to
the harass dilemma with insurances.

If I could
change or add something in the game for better represent the risk management
choices that matter, I would increase the credibility of the predictions when
more investment is done in research as a way to materialize that research is no
lineal but exponential. As stated before, I would also add some kind of
incentives for saving money and not to reduce it to consumption and investment.