6274145

Question 1



In my
opinion, risk management in the game (and in the real life) consists in getting
a balance amid knowledge, protection, insurance and to cope with shocks.

Some of my
main conclusions –which imply a trade-off amid the concepts exposed- in the game,
than yor can apply to the world too, are:



A –
Knowledge: knowledge is esential to try to reduce the shock’s damage. Severity
and probability of the shock are key points that we should take into account. Anticipation
and preactive behaviour are both attitudes that we should have. For instance,
if we had a shock that won’t have a deep impact, probably good information
could be enough to reach cheap solutions.Sometimes, knowledge and properly
evaluation can require less resources and be as effective as other ways. On the
other hand, maybe we shold focus in that shocks that have more probability to
take place (For example: in a deser we should care mor about water scarcity
than about floods). We should be prepared for shocks before they appear. In
this point, knowledge about History, enviroment,... it´s esential.



B – Protection:
Often, knowledge is not enough. For shocks with a deeper impact, we need preventive
measures, which usually involves more resources. Not only economic resources,
but also human and material ones. Obviously, there is a trade-off. If we use
resources in these measures, they will not be availables for other purposes (as
economic growth,...). So, it’s quite important identify risks/shocks, and to
develop the right measures. Investing less than neccesary could lead to
disaster. Investing more implies wasting resources.



C -   Insurance:
If knowledge and protection that we can afford aren’t enought, then we should
purchase some insurance, in order to cover part of the losses.



D – Coping with
shocks: if shocks finally hits us, then we have to cope with consecuences, and
take time to repair everithing. One thing I’ve learned is resource scarcity
makes everithing more complicated. There’s the importance of having biggest
cities, biggest societies and biggest countries. Then, it’s possible to share
expenditures and to take more efficient measures. If it isn’t the case,
cooperation is also a good choice.



E –
Finally, the most important is a balance sheet amid knowledge-protection-insurance-
to cope with shocks 



Question 2



I give a
lot of attention to population growth in all my plays, developing several
buildings. After the first time, i also give more attention to shocks, watching
severity of impact and probability. Then, in the case that there were a high
impact probability, I tried to get enought information (knowledge) to reduce
severity and to increase protection. If shock is quite fast, then I tried to
purchase an insurance.Question 3

Obviously,
it’s a simplified version of real world shocks and risks. But there is only one
risk (meteorites that cause floods) and, in Developing Countries are used to coping
with more than one risk simultaneously. Then, in a new version I would include
at least two risks.

