6281520

Risk Horizon game
–essay on my views on combating risk and lessons learned.

The first question that has been asked was what was the role
of risk management?  Well, to succeed in
the game it was necessary to develop a skill to make certain trade-offs between
knowledge (research), insurance and protection. All of these forms of risk
management were costing resources, either money or time. I focused most of my
attention on the research part, because it allowed me to have more time for the
action when the risk materialised. It was also clever to combine the middle
insurance, with a middle level of protection. 
Both of these helped to lower the possible losses. So a combination of
the three elements worked best for me. It was necessary to insure myself, to
have a certain level of protection and most importantly to research the most
severe risks.

It took me some time to learn all these features and to
develop a strategy how to succeed. When I played the game for the first time, I
invested most of the resources on insurance and protection, but this did not
pay off, mainly because it was extremely costly to keep high protection and
insurance and to develop the plots at the same time. Without proper development
of the buildings I was not able to successfully continue to next level. Later
on I discovered that once I research on comets it will give me more time to
react. So after some time I've learned that the combination of all three elements
is useful and helpful. Protection lowers the chance of being flooded, insurance
will give you back part of the investments and research will increase your
knowledge which will give you more time to react. This game clearly showed the
necessity to think twice before you take any action or investment, and also
that putting all the eggs into one basket doesn't work well.

If I had to add one thing into the game to make it more
interactive and to make it more fun, it would be the possibility to be hit by a
comet that is not visible. Just as in real life some natural disasters appear
very quickly and there is almost no time to prepare for them. So there should
be added a new feature which would be some sort of unexpected risk. It was a good game :). 