6281103

The game was challenging
in that it required various aspects to be constantly juggled, defense,
research, insurance and development. The need to maintain development while
managing risk was interesting, in that it forced you to build, as well as
reduce risk, thus preventing you from being able to invest entirely in
mitigating the risk.

I learned while
playing the game that some forms of investment were more effective than others.
I made a choice after the first game, for example, not to invest in insurance
if I could build sufficient defenses in time. I found the community networks
were much more effective for mitigating harm.  As research could be done without cost, which
was not true to life but useful in the game, I spent any time I had
insufficient funds doing research. It was frustrating to lose your investment
in a property if the round ended before it was complete, so I learned not to
start any new building work within 30 seconds of the end of a round, and to
invest that time in building defenses. Of course, these needed building back up
each time, but they seemed to be more useful than other forms of protection.

I learned to
keep a close eye on my development meter as I played, since it did not matter
how protected you were if you did not pass the round.  This required balancing defense and
development, as building up defenses slowed down development, and additional
development required higher levels of protection in terms of development costs,
insurance, repair etc. I also learned to have additional plans in place, in
case my first plan failed. These could take the form of insurance, if I could
not build up defenses on time, or enough cash for repairs, for example. As a
rule, however, I focused on ensuring I was developing enough and building up my defenses and community networks. In this way, I could minimize the number of occasions
on which I needed to use Plan B, whether that was instance or cash repairs.

I found the game
much easier to play once I had watched the tutorial, and played it several
times. It was interesting to try out different strategies e.g., insurance or no
insurance. In real life, I would do this through researching what other people
had done and found worked best in terms of the risks I need to mitigate.

Where I live,
there are multiple risk factors, both natural and man-made. To make the game
more realistic, I would have added additional risk factors, which would have
required balancing more likelihoods and probabilities. This would have made the
game much harder, but much truer to life! 