6306050

 

My goal on the first time I played the game was to
build as much buildings as possible to get the community growing. But as I
played the game again I understood that there is much bigger role of the
knowledge I collect monitoring the risk in this case the meteors. It occurred
to me that the more info I get about the risk the less severe the impact would
be. So if there were several meteors coming towards my planet my main goal was
to study the meteor with the highest rate of impact. During the time I was monitoring
the meteor I started to build and 
develop as much as possible as I figured that the advanced buildings
would  be more resistant to the impact of
the meteor. 
I insured the community the moment I discovered that there is a meteor coming
with a high risk of collision and high possible of damage. I always purchased
the highest insurance possible. I thought that if I have the biggest insurance
then the damage repair after the collision would be easier and more efficient.
Also after some games I played I understood that the faster I react to the
damage the less damage will occurre. In case there was some kind of damage
after the collision I kept in hold building new buildings and innovating the
ones that were already built and started to renovate the ones that were damaged
during the collision.  I couldn’t pass
level 5 in this game; my community was always destroyed before that.
Considering that I guess I didn’t understand the risk management fully and
still had some room for improvement. 

Role of risk management was very important in this strategy
game. As i focused on all the things (collecting knowledge about the risk, insuring
the community, developing the village and innovating the houses) the further I
advanced. If I was only concentrating on development and innovation the results
were worse meaning there was severe damage after the collisions and quick end
to the game. 

If I could change one thing about this game then I
would bring out the possible consequences of the impact. For example would
there be floods or/and earthquake etc as a result of the meteor collision. Taking
this knowledge into account I would decide how to protect the community, if I
should build the houses bigger quickly to be more resistant, or should I build
more buildings towards inland rather than on the coast line, or should I raise
the village on a higher ground. 