6307178

Risk is the main cause of uncertainty in any focus more on
identifying the risk and managing them before the event actually occurs. When a
disaster hits it destroy the earth and people’s community. As it is very hard
to change the natural disaster movement so there fore it is important to
protect and spread the knowledge of protection among the community. The
protection can be taken through insurance and try to alert before the hits occurs.
The role of risk management in this game was to protect the community from
meteors that might hit and destroy the community. Risk manager observed the
severity of chances of hit of meteor by research and news published. The risk
manager took the insurance coverage for the damage performs by the meteors
before hand. Taking a risk on the level of damage, manager took percentage
coverage insurance protection so it can protect community from the damage. The main
role of risk manager is to identify the risk,make a strategy according the risk
involved and implement the strategy for the protection of the community.  Addressing the risk involves undertaking any
action , procedure or operation to fulfil the objectives of the society. The
preparation for risk affect
development took place after some time when the chances of hit by meteors were
high level. The manager started the community building undeveloped plots to
fully developed plots with increasing the level of pods with the money involved
in the community.When I played for the
first time the level of insurance I was choosing was always high and was only
concentrating on developing the community whist forgetting the chances of meteor hits but
once I realise I can save some part of the community at the time of hit as
well. So playing the game number of times I realised the way of insurance works
to protect as well as the reports on hits that may occur while developing the
community.The main thing I have
learned from the game is to command on risk and secured the plots from
different level of hits and managed the wealth of the society. The decision
required for implementation then decision transferring strategy into action and
prioritising the situation. This all tactics and strategies were implemented by
the role manager to save the community.As developing new
version of the game if I am allowed to change a simple thing for the betterment
of society,I would add 100% of insurance level but by charging high capital.As we know no one of the company does 100% level
of damage insured but I would like to add this as new option.    






















 