6321419

The role of
risk management in this game was to find the balance in spending available
resources (including limited time) in order to achieve safety while not hindering
growth of the colony.  Safety was the
combination of protection measures (protection bar and knowledge obtained by researching
comets) and insurance. 

I tried to
elevate the colony (protection bar) as much as possible in the given time,
while allowing the colony to grow, and found it difficult to counteract the effects
of a fallen comet with that option. I did reach level 2, but was unable to move
further. I also bought insurance, but I found it insufficient to rebuild the
colony in most of the cases when the comet did hit. 

Preparation
for risk affected development both immediately (because using the protection
options halts development) and in the long run (because it used up resources
that would otherwise be available for building or upgrading pods).

I played the game
at least a dozen times, and tried out different strategies – not investing in
protection at all while spending all available resources on development, not
researching the comets while investing in protection as much as possible,
investing in smaller number of pods with more upgrading, investing in as much
pods as possible with less upgrading, I played with insurance and without
insurance. I found that it is sometimes best to leave some risks to play out,
because protection levels that can be achieved in a given time are much too low
to make a difference in the end result. Insurance is, on the other hand, always
a good option. 

I got farthest
by playing the most dispersed strategy – investing resources simultaneously in
all available options – exploring comets, buying insurance, elevating
protection, building new pods and developing the existing ones. 

If I were to
develop a new version of the game, the one change I would make would be lowering
the percentage of comets with high chance of hit and high severity combined; I
believe it would then reflect more accurately the reality of risk management.
If there were so many highly destructive events in an area as it is the case in
this game (at least when I played it), insurance probably wouldn`t even be an
option, and there is virtually no chance of reaching protection high enough not
to be hit while investing in it. The game did demonstrate to me how much
uncertainties affect decision making.