6326209

1.) The role of risk management in the game was a balancing
act between diverting income from development spending on pods and reducing the
cost of repairing damage from meteor strikes. In essence it is the mirror image
of investing in development. Development of pods increases income for the
development bar growth, while investment in risk management reduces the loss of
income from damage which can accrue from meteors.

 

I made the choice to invest firstly in raising the ground as
protection, followed by the second or third level of insurance. Then I limited
pod development to try to maximize the rate of enhancement of a smaller number
of pods rather than developing a larger number of low grade pods. This latter
step proved to give a better rate of income flow.

 

Preparation for risk caused the development bar to halt, in
particular when raising ground. While raising ground took some time to achieve
a beneficial level of protection, purchasing insurance was much quicker and
could be delayed until just before a comet was possibly going to impact.

 

2.) I played the game several times. Initially I built the
maximum number of low grade buildings and then developed them as funds became
available. This proved to be less effective than concentrating development on a
few buildings to the highest available level, this approach generated income at
a higher rate than the low level pods.

 

Things that I learnt from the game were to invest in
measures which took more time, such as ground raising, at the earliest
opportunity while risk management through insurance could be delayed until near
to a potential risk event. In the real world this would not be so effective as
the insurance market would react to an increased perceived risk by increasing
the insurance rates.

 

Development that was spread widely at low level gained less
income growth than concentrating development in a smaller area to a higher
level. This could prove politically unattractive in the real world where
populations may not tolerate a perceived bias to another region within a
nation.

 

3.) The speed of play required to achieve progress in the
game gave little time for development of a policy for play, and certainly
biased the “playing field” towards younger students with greater experience of
playing such games on their phones. I would give players more time in the game
to develop their approach.

