6330045

The game placed a lot of constraints on time for the player to develop new land, research comets, save the planet and - oh shoot I just ran out of time!In all seriousness, it was all about balance. The role of risk management here was to try to account for risk, while developing the land to reach the target in time. Ultimately, I made a lot of trade-offs, but they paid off quite well. For example, take the case of knowledge. Knowledge of comets was essential when it came to deciding if I should research it more, or ignore it while upgrading my buildings. Comets which had a higher chance of hitting and super-severe ramifications were researched thoroughly. Less dangerous comets were dealt with by tilting my planet nearly at the last minute. Which leads to my discussion on protection. It was hard to balance the risk between just buying insurance, tilting the planet or doing more research. In the end, it was a mixture of all three, depending on the danger at hand. Deciding which insurance package to choose was a tough call as well, but the best choice was always the middle for me: although I did not calculate the exact numbers, it seemed that it was the package with the most value for money. The game itself mirrors real life quite well: such as the Chile earthquake mentioned in the lectures, preparation for risk did affect development in many ways, with both positive and negative effects, depending on how you see it. If I knew the comet was extremely dangerous, I would start tilting my planet slightly earlier to ensure a miss. Although this stunted development during that period, the buildings were safe and could be upgraded later, instead of wasting time trying to repair them. Very similar to 'No pain, no gain': some suffering was needed but development was quick after that. i played the game three times, the first was a complete disaster because I accidentally zoomed in on my computer screen and couldn't find the insurance button at the bottom! The second was marginally better, but I finally managed to scrape to level 4 on my third try. Sadly, I was so close to the target but couldn't finish the level in time. Between my second and third tries, I learnt that timing is essential and the importance of research to prolong the yellow glows. Another important point was funding: I ran out of money buying the most expensive insurance package the first time, and had to wait around for my money to increase before developing new land; wasting valuable time in the process. I learnt that managing risk is key, by prioritising dangerous comets and placing less importance on less severe ones. Of course, the most important lessons were HOW to manage risk, and certainly, the importance of checking your money balance all the time.I certainly loved the game and I cannot find much fault with it. However, if I were to change one thing, it would be the yellow glows after a comet hits. It seems a tad unrealistic, although it may be true that communities need to reconnect after a disaster, involving some resources and a more realistic situation would be preferred. (Just don't make it too hard!) The risk management choices that matter in the place I live in include the importance of knowledge. Natural disasters have occurred before (many years ago) but many have forgotten to prepare, such as buying insurance, etc. If an awareness aspect was incorporated in the game, it would be perfect for my community.