6336333

1.) In this game good risk management was crucial to
ensuring future development. Had there been no attempt to manage risk future
development would have been very difficult if not possible at all. It was seen
that research/knowledge was extremely useful in combating and preparing for
risk. However the greater the time taken up by research the less time one had
available to focus on development. I learned fairly early on that preparation
for risk was very important, regardless of whether it was through ensuring
protection or conducting research.



2.) The first time I played I focused on getting protection
for communities however I learned that protection was expensive and did not
seem to at times be enough to protect the communities completely, especially as
some threats approached too fast to ensure that enough protection had been
bought to protect against them. I also saw that insurance seemed to act as a
burden in that it hampered development, however having said that with some of
the more severe asteroids it was invaluable in helping the communities get back
on their feet. The decision to buy insurance or not would be based entirely on
the likelihood of the threat you are insuring yourself against actually
occurring.

If I was to play the game again I would devote more time to
research and perhaps not worry as much about protection. I think that
protection actually slowed down development whereas research may have delayed
it but did not actually slow development down, at least not as much as
protection did. I would also try and not buy insurance as that also was quite
expensive and gave me less resources to devote to development.



3.) If I was to develop a new version of the game I would
introduce a feature which would enable connections to be developed during the
game itself, as opposed to being something which seemed to be reactively done
once a meteorite had actually hit the planet. I think that this would be more
realistic and would add a further level of complexity to the game as then the
player would have to decide how much time and resource he devotes to making
connections and links with other communities. This would allow the player to
realise the importance of communities working together when faced with crises,
this is something which people near where I live have learnt and have incorporated
into their risk management plans.





