634966

1. What was the role of risk
management in the game?
Risk management was vital to the success of the game. Only through the
deployment of adequate protections, research and insurance was it possible to
actually progress. The reason for this is without protection and insurance, it
simply wasn't possible to recover from shocks. However, by employing protection
and insurance, it was both much easier to recover from shocks (and in some
cases, there was no shock) whilst also investing in improving the infrastructure
of the village for increased prosperity. 
2. What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and insurance?
At first, it was a vital trade off to build small enough so that there was
enough income, but also so that there was enough money left over to purchase
protection and the highest level of insurance. The trade-off here is that the
growth of the village was much slower because investment wasn't as forthcoming.
However, it meant, with proper protection and insurance in place, that long
term growth was both possible and sustainable. 
3. In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or
after some time)?
The immediate benefit of insurance was that inevitable repair costs were much
lower which meant recovery was much quicker. The long term investment in
protection paid off, because as the comets got more severe, their impact
actually diminished because the higher level of protection afforded tremendous resilience
to the village. 
4. What did you do differently the second time you played the game?
When I first played, I tried to grow infrastructure too quick without adequate
protection. This led to disaster. The second time round meant much greater
investment in protections, research and insurance. Although this meant there
was a much slower growth in terms of upgrading the village and its buildings,
it was sustainable and this allowed me to progress to level 5 in the game. 
5. What were the main things you learned from the game?
Slow growth is still growth and adequate protection to mitigate or eliminate
the shocks from risk are essential for development and progression.
6. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management
choices that matter in the place you live?
Flooding is a problem near where I live. If I were to add to the game, I'd want
to introduce more diverse protection options and upgrades. Raising the village
is a great concept, but does not translate well to the real world as it isn't
going to be very easy to physically raise a village. But perhaps provide other
purchasable options. Some examples:

"Walls" may be
     cheaper, but offer less protection. "Early warning
     systems" could be a low-cost investment which increases the rate of
     research in the village. "Upgrade defence"
     of individual buildings to withstand the impact of the shocks and thus
     facilitate easier repair. It could be an expensive upgrade, but worth the
     investment due to much-reduced repair costs. 
These added protection options would allow the player to introduce more
cost-benefit analysis of various solutions, make different trade-offs and add
greater depth to the game's risk management lessons.