6350897

Preparing for the risks, confronting them and coping with
their effects are all essential components of 
Risk Management.  Effective risk
management can save property and lives,  
give people food and financial security, minimize or prevent  crises of various forms and  ensure development.  

The essential elements of risk management preparation are
acquiring  knowledge, obtaining protection
and insurance.   Knowledge helps to understand the shocks,
internal and external conditions, and potential outcomes , thus reducing
uncertainty. Protection reduces the probability and size of losses and increase
those benefits . Insurance transfers resources across people.                        

Effective and responsible risk management can save
lives,  can prevent crisis, unleash
opportunities,

Objective of risk management is to produce resilience, which
is the ability to mitigate losses from other shocks and foster recovery. Risk
management is also about achieving prosperity, from improving the benefits from
pursuing opportunity. 

In the game , the risk management   plays an important role to mitigate and sometimes
to prevent the  probable damages to  pods occurring due to the falling meteors,
thus allowing the erection and upgrading the pods.   Using, 
protection, insurance and research, the game represents a good simulation
of  how the risk management can help
development by building resilience and  achieving
prosperity by pursuing opportunities.  

As in the real time cases, obtaining knowledge on the
falling meteors  is not straight forward,
and hence the making  the correct  choices for protection and insurance within
the given budget is fairly difficult.  
In the higher levels of the game this more so,  taking decisions on the trade offs  between the research, protection and building
at the same time is extremely difficult.  This is mainly due to lack of knowledge on the
relationships among them to find the best combination.

After the first attempt, I tried to balance my protection,
insurance and research in a way that could mitigate the impacts of the damages.
Main thing that  I learnt from the game
is that gathering knowledge is the most important aspect in the risk management.   The success of  engaging adequate protection, insurance and
community and institutional support depends mainly on the knowledge levels gained
on the probability of the incidence of risks and the severity of their impacts.


For a new version of the game, I wish to add a  warning system to give the community a better
knowledge on the severity of what they can expect, so that they can make more
informed choices and trade -offs in terms of  different elements protection, insurance
research etc.  