6357639

1The role of Risk Management: In this case, we can speake of a Systemic Risk. Research (knowledge), Government money and community involvement are  highly important in management of this type of risk, to reduce uncertainty and build resilience in the best possible option.The game was about building pods  and community, research on obstacles/comets/shocks and protection by technology and insurance; sharing damage and getting insights, earning money by growing the community/wealth to be able to pay and share damage and take risks with others and overcome obstacles and build resilience. The effect of Risk Management:Combining capacity to perpare for obstacles in advance, with an ability to cope afterwards.The protection in the game seems to start by enhancing the community. That is one way, you can help each other, build knowledge, strength, earn money. And this is clearly pointing out, what we have learned from this course: People willing to take risks, you have to take risks in order to find opportunities. In this game, it seems to me that making a community, Then getting money from research, then protecting by lifting, and then insurance where the best ways to chose for.It seemed that only the highest level affected the cometrisk, having enough protection.The principles for Risk Management:Be realistic and build foundations.In this game, I saw that there was a focus on lifting the Island, based on research.And I saw that damage up to a certain level was accepted, and rebuilding of pods was postponed in order to do research and build protection.The balance between the choises was hard to reach as in many Risk Management Cases.The comets keep getting faster and faster and building and upgrading pods costs a lot of money, but they seem to be the only way out! Research helps to get money, which I said earlier I can only accept from Government money, cause otherwise, it would take money and time also. Building protection seemd to cost little then building pods, which seems strange to me. 2What I would do differently:I have tried the game over and over again and what I learned was this:I found it difficult to balance between the choises. Lack of resource where Money and time.  I run out of money all the time and there was little time to spend. So in short the best option seems to me:Build pods, do research, get protection. I wouldn't go to fast on insurance, that's what I did all the time, or spend too much on it. This is probably due to my Western thinking. I learned that a bit damage to pods could be accepted, that community is very important and that research is also important. Then build and then as fast as you can, get protection (lift the island). I learned, once you get growing, you can keep doing better, when risk and oppurtunity is well managed and balanced.3Developments to the game:I would like to see that research also costs money: Strangely enough in this game, you get money quickly when doing research. Research costs a lot of money; it pays back on longterm Yes and in short time when taken simple protection. so I think, it was government money, which is applaudible, being it a Systemic Risk.I would like to add:- metres to better see influence/costs of research, protection and development- a free option, for example: spend money on a shelter for everyone, gifts from abroad/ngo/ climate/waterissues, or other issues what may occur to the community, markets, education, communication, loans and savings etc).