6362508

The role of the Risk Management in the game provide a methodology to identify and analyze the impact of loss to the world of fictional world Alora. It was a competition of time vs funds or resources. In the game i had to choose the best possible insurance along with developing and upgrading pods. The game was about to realize the importance of knowledge i.e each comet has different characteristics depending upon the damage it will do and it is not necessary that the comet will surely hit but still we need to get prepare as we never know whether it will impact us and how much it will impact. Protection was done according to different levels. Initially the protection was not hard due to few pods were supposed to be manage. but later in the game as we developed and upgraded more pods, protection of the pods were becoming difficult which suggest that in general that if a country is having more population the risk of damage also increase with it. In case of insurance there was 3 different terms of insurance in each level. In the start i was dependent on insurance more but as i proceed to through next level. rely on insurance decreases because i was more developed in later levels as compare to level 1 so i didn't need to bought expensive insurance terms because i was able to manage repair through my own funds.First when i played the game my whole focus was on development and upgrading pods not to manage the risk of comets. which caused me to loose the level 2 and hardly i was able to reach at level 3. Then i gave so much importance to risk management that i didn't gave any attention to development all my focus was stick to managing risk associate with comets which caused me failing at level 3 because of less development of pods as all cost were put through managing risk and buying insurance with 75% terms. Then in third try i took a balance of risk management and development. and in later stages i decreased the cost of insurance and focused on development equally which enable me to reach level 5. I learned the importance of the risk management, and i understood that by preparing for risk can reduce the damage and also you can mitigate the risk by taking insurance. Research helps in getting knowledge of the risk hence it can be reduced and eliminated.If i would be giving option to change one thing in game i would like to change the risk from comets to earthquake or floods or both. As these are the risk faced by most of the countries. The duration of the game should be increase with more option to be provided for managing risk. For example in the current game the only risk was comet and only way to manage it was through research and provide community connection and insurance to reduce the cost related to risk. I think multiple risk like earthquake and floods and dealing with risk by choosing the best option will give the idea and also test the risk managing skills. 