6365544

Role of Risk Management
The game has been developed to teach risk management so it is no surprise that it incorporated all the elements that were discussed in the previous two week's lectures. I approached the game as I would approach a real life situation. I went with a high preparation and low insurance strategy focusing on developing 4-5 well-upgraded structures rather than lots of poor ones.My focus was clearly on development, protection, insurance and knowledge in that order. However, I ignored knowledge once and that resulted in a critical error leading to the downfall of my community.
First objective for me was to get a basic level of development and preparation which allowed me to effectively ignore the low impact meteors. Such base levels of preparation have roots in real life too which have immediate impact and also set the ground level for future periods.
I also opted for early insurance for the first level only so that it does not hamper the game if the low probability meteor did hit me. This might have slowed down development by a little, but the overall benefits in my opinion were well worth it.
The long term benefits of early preparation were significant as I could focus on developing my few silos to max which gave a huge payoff and due to decent protection, it results in stability until the last two levels.What would I change when I play next
I think the early focus on protection and development is the right way to go. However, I made a critical error when I ignored knowledge in level 4,  where I miscalculated a meteor's severity which resulted in me buying a 75% insurance instead of getting protection. This was a significant blow to my growth and because I could already withstand the impact and the non-renewal nature of insurance, the money was essentially lost.I also should have started expanding once my core was fully built, as it would certainly have been required to clear the last level.The main thing I learnt from the game is the importance of a strong foundation to approaching risk and also to focus on all aspects of a problem, and strategize iteratively rather than sticking to one method.Improving the game
I live in a developing country and I could see how critical a strong foundation and basic protection if a community is to withstand challenges. Many people here don't process the information available to them to make strategic decisions. I would like the game to simulate this aspect too.  One simple thing that I think would improve the game is to quantify the output of each upgrade of silo so that we can measure the cost to increased effectiveness ratio of the upgrade.Conclusion 
I think this game was probably one of the most amazing aspects of this course which really drives home the "risk management is critical to development" message. I may be biased towards games in general because I regularly play strategic computer games, but simulating the excitement of development and the profound sense of loss when a meteor destroyed by community is something that could not have been possible without this game.I think there is a big scope for improvement in my risk-management strategies and I think the iterative feedback loop which I use in managing risk should also be used to manage my learning of risk-management.