6378585

1) The role of risk management was to prepare the community against possible impacts from comet attacks to the community. In building three pods and investing on higher insurance before the first comet attack, and later investing on building more pods while slowly raising the land helped dealing with comet impacts. This because, more pods and raising of land meant better protection against severe damages, and higher insurance meant less to spend on coping with damages. However, trade offs was centered around ways to efficiently manage the limited resources, while at the same time preventing damages. A better knowledge of the comet (severity and probability to hit) directs on the better allocation of resources. It is obvious that preparation for risk affects development after some time. This is due to the fact that it becomes more costly to continually improve on the community against risks.   2) I played the game twice and in the second time, I depended more on my knowledge of the comets to effectively allocate my resources. Unlike in the first attempt where I spent more resources on raising the surface, I developed a strategy in allocating my resources. The lesser there was a risk of a hit, the lesser I spent on building pods or raising the surface. However, the higher the probability of a hit, I purchased a higher insurance, build more pods and also raised the surface slowly. I realized that even though there could be damages, the cost of repairs was minimal. I also realized that it was more economical investing on building pods rather than investing in raising the surfaces. Thus, more resources on building pods and lesser on raising surface is an effective strategy.3) To improve on the game, I will include some other aspects of live (trees, humans, and buildings). In the use of resources, I will divide the cost variations to reflect short-term effects and long-term effects. It is worth noting that certain decisions in real world would have to center around immediate actions or long- term actions which will all depend on the costs. These decisions will also depend on the timing of the comet hit. Thus will add the timing of the comet hit along the research page. I believe that the complexity in dealing with risks also lie in the making of valuable decisions that depend on resources available, when is the impact, where is the impact going to affect, and how big or severe will be the impact.    