6382485

1

The role of risk management in the Risk Horizon game was to
manage the risks faced by the community as it developed so that its development
was sustainable.  The source of all risks
faced by the community was a series of comets of varying damage risk and impact
probability that could crash into the adjacent sea causing wave and flood
damage to the exposed community.   The components
of risk management available were:

Knowledge – by researching the incoming comets,
the likelihood of impact and level of damage could be assessed.Protection - comprising elevating the overall
level of the community settlement to protect it from inundation when comets
crash into the ocean.  The recommended
level of elevation was equal to the damage risk of the incoming comet.Insurance – Insurance was available for purchase
at varying levels to mitigate the cost of repairs to community damage.Coping – The community when damaged was modelled
to cope by the player connecting the pod structures when they lit up on the
screen.  This represented the community
working together and developing as a community.







In order to do reasonably well,
it was necessary to remain on high alert for risks and opportunities for
managing them.  Insurance was found to be
of limited effectiveness as it was expensive and when damage occurred, all
community pods were affected, so repairs plus insurance were very expensive.  As pods were upgraded, insurance became a
better proposition.  Time spent in
researching comets was valuable as was finding out the relation between damage
risk and recommended protection.  Finding
out how to connect the community was very helpful, I happened on this late when,
after many unsuccessful attempts, I went back and took the tutorial.

Preparation for risk took some
time to get right and it was necessary to be ever vigilant and on the ball for researching
the comets, resetting the protection, and making connections and repairs after a
hit. 

2

I played the game many times
until achieving a win at level 4. If I were to play it again I would make sure
to complete the tutorial as well as read the instructions before starting.  Not doing the tutorial before starting meant
I did not have the necessary knowledge from the instructions to know how to
play the game optimally and also left me with the bad habit of not always jumping
in soon enough to make connections after a hit. 
The main thing I learned from the game was to understand how the game works
before starting it.  I am not sure this
is possible in real life where you get thrown in at the deep end and expected
to sink or swim.  Survival is a learning
experience.

3

If I was asked to develop a new
version of the game, I would recommend the following changes:

The game should not be so time limited, but the
player should receive points for faster growth rates however there should also be
a risk associated with a too high growth rate.When a failure at a level is recorded, the
game should not return to zero but should continue on from that point as in the
case of a win at a level.



