6385710

The
game requires a degree of dexterity when dealing with the various risk factors
at play. The player is required to consider multiple risk factors
simultaneously whilst also being aware of limiting factors such as time
constraints, budget limitations and maintaining continuous investment in
resource capacity.  Sometimes,
trade-offs were required in terms of the amount of research required related to
the severity of the impending crisis, the likelihood of the crisis actually
happening and the limited time and funds available. Protection levels needed to
be adequate but it wasn’t always possible to have the maximum level of
protection required to cover the eventuality of every single potential risk.
Insurance too had to be carefully considered, and only when the severity of the
risk was extreme and the likelihood of the risk happening very high did it make
sense to take out insurance - then too, the player has to carefully consider
the level of insurance required vs. the level of risk and funds available for reconstruction. In some
cases the preparation for risk had an immediate negative impact on the funds
available for development, whilst after some time there needed to be a constant "to-and-fro" between continuous development and adequate risk research management.I
played the game a few times. It took me a while to get the right balance
between managing the time and risk levels as well as the likelihood of a crisis
happening and the correct levels of insurance and protection required to
mitigate against that risk. At first I was overly cautious and I took too much
insurance, and tried too hard to protect my community at the highest level possible.
The problem was that this cost money, limited resource development and left me
exposed to even greater levels of risk later in the game. I learned
that risk needs to be managed within the context of continuous development and
that you cannot invest all your resources in protecting everything against every
risk. You have to be comfortable that, at some point or other, a crisis will
strike and you have to have made adequate plans to mitigate against the possible
worst and severest of these.In
a world of social and political instability I would add a community disruption
risk factor. We have seen recently that many risk factors come from within the
community (think of the Arab Spring, Strikes in South Africa, The Middle East
problem, Extremism in Nigeria and Kenya etc.). If there is a labour dispute,
political uprising and urban unrest, the likelihood is that this would arise
from within the community and not from outside. Besides investing in the growth
and development of each part of the community there needs to be constant
monitoring and investment in the socio-economic wellbeing of that same
community.