63914

What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

 

The role of risk management in the game was to use different
strategies to mitigate risk. The user had various options to manage risk he/she
could take insurance or can do more research about future outcomes.
I chose protection initially raising 2-3 bars at each level and maintaining it,
at higher stages level 4 and above I chose insurance also because the stakes
were high and cost of repair was much greater.
Preparation for risk affected in many ways. I had to manage raising protection
at each level while also balancing the green indicator to ensure that I
complete the level in time and also have sufficient protection from comets.
I took protection somewhere in between the level so that the green indicator
was at least half full and as the assets for given level rose I raised the
protection accordingly.

 

2

If you
played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it
again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do
differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from
the game?I played the game over and over again till I reached level 5, 
If I were to play it again after playing just once I will try to use a
different strategy than I used in previous attempt so I get an idea which strategy
is better.

If I had played the game more than once I would have tried to
use different combination of strategies and in different permutation till I
reach an optimal solution for a given level.
I have learned the importance of risk pooling from this game, ie at a given
level I used to have different types of pods at different stages all of them
had different rate of money return, thus money earned from one pod can be used
to upgrade a smaller pod in meantime. Also in the event of comet strike repair
of small pods was quick and cheap that gave some juice to the green indicator
while other pods where repaired.
I also learned about diversification of assets and using different strategies
for different levels.

3

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

 

If am given a chance
to enhance the game I would like to add a feature of immediate protection
because when I used Research strategy even though I was aware of chance of
strike and severity of impact I could do nothing about it in 5 seconds,
Protection was to slow and insurance required a huge sum of money.
at least add a variable insurance model, wherein even if a user has $20 he can
but some portion of insurance and does not have to wait till his money reaches
$50.
And please turn off or change the background music its annoying after sometime.