6392807

In the game it was my role to manage the risk
from meteorites crashing down on a village. Therewith they destroyed the houses
that had been built and cumulatively represented the wealth of the society. In
more detail, I had to balance the tradeoff between advancing as a society
through upgrading houses and therewith increasing wealth, versus losing this
acquired wealth through meteorites crashing down on them. Two major tools were
available to manage the risk and prepare for the consequences, with another
tool being available to forecast the probabilities of occurrence. The first one
was the ability to raise the level of the entire and city thus making it less
receptive to the flooding that occurred along with the meteor crash. Doing so
was at the expense of a lower income as a result of having to pay for
increasing the level. It also came at the expense of not being able to observe
the incoming meteorites and consequently making it more difficult to assess the
potential damages. Concluding, tool number one gave protection in case the
meteorite crashed down, whereas it took the possibility to acquire knowledge on
the severity of it’s impact. Tool number two gave the chance of insurance
against the repairing costs in case of a meteorite impact. Unlike tool number
one, it was a responsive tool, and not a preventive. It would allow for players
to take risk and try to keep the damages as low as possible, whereas tool
number one would allow players to try to prevent damages through risk taking.
The third tool allowed for acquiring knowledge on the severity and likelihood
of the meteorites crash through observation. Observation however, would prevent
the player from taking measures to manage the risk. Thus, there was a tradeoff
between knowledge and information against preparedness and possibility to cope
with the disaster. It is worth mentioning though, that there were no monetary
implications in observing the meteorite, thus not diminishing the society’s
wealth.

In reviewing the first game, I decided to not
buy insurance in my second game, but instead invest in preventive measures in
the first place. This strategy played out better and led me to achieve a higher
level. I also changed my strategy as to only observing meteorites where the
probability of an impact was greater or equal to fifty percent. In summary, I
learned that a mixture of preventive and responsive measure had not been very
effective. Instead, focusing on preventing the major meteorites from dealing
damage through raising the city’s level proved to be more efficient.

In a next version of the game I would try to
include that before a building can be upgraded, all others would have to be
repaired again. This could represent, that a standard level of development or a
baseline was not to be given up after devastating catastrophes.