6400491

Risk Horizon for me was one of those essentially simple but annoyingly addicted games I ended up playing for quite some time. As you play the game more, you realise that it is all about balance. Because of the different limitations (can't do anything while researching; no development while building protection; less capital if buying insurance) it is immediately obvious that one must trade-off each of these against each other. After my first attempts at trying to fill up the spaces with houses, I realised that I didn't need as many if I focused on developing the ones I had, which left more capital for protection etc. The key to the game it appears is striking this balance and using knowledge to boost limited protection. Although it may seem wise to get full insurance every level, if one invests more in developing early so better protection can be built, then more time can be spent on researching dangerous comets and thus more reaction time to build connections. This kind of tactic, if well executed, allows one to deal with the majority of comets to strike in the first few levels, and if enough protection is built up early on, almost all comets with minimal damage. Of course, the risk taken here is that without insurance you are open to game-ending damage, but what you notice towards the end of the game is that the insurance is usually not enough to prevent this from happening, as it takes too long to rebuild before the timer runs down. So, the best thing to do is pump money into early development and protection, take the risk on lower insurance rates and spend the rest of the time researching for that extra boost. In real terms, this would lead to the conclusion that overall, risk prevention and limitation are the most important components of risk management; one would prefer to minimise as much of the risk as is possible in a preventative capacity, rather than pick up the pieces after insufficient protections have been breached. Risk management where I live (London) initially may appear to be too unique to the individual concerned but in actuality there is basically just one risk; loss of income. The cost of living is so high, that for your average household, the loss of the main wage earner could begin a slide into poverty, very quickly indeed. Institutionalised risk management and education have reduced normal environmental risks to a distinctly rare and unlikely event for most people. This means that there is little personal investment in prevention. For example, the Thames Barrier prevents London being flooded on average 7 times a year, sometime three times that. This means that very few, if any, have ever thought it possible that London floods. If the Barrier fails, there are little to no contingency measures in place. Probably the best way to represent the risk management choices in London is allowing overdrafts with extortionate interest rates and allowing the insurance company to not pay out after a flood. 