6406085



The role of Risk Management into the game, was
to allow the construction and the development of a community.

 

This role develops at three different
interconnected stages:

1.      
Analysis: Comets’ analysis, to collect more data as possible
to face all risks related to them, and analysis related to the best insurance
needed at different stages and in different situations;

2.      
Construction
Risks’ Management: in order to understand
when is better to build new pods and when is better to develop the existing
ones to better connect the community;

3.      
Protection
Management: to evaluate and
organize long-term defences, analysing when they are needed and at what level,
depending also on the development of construction.

 

Risk Manager must use two main tools to do his
job into the game:

1.      
Development bar, to analyse Milestones and understand if he is
meeting his commitments;

2.      
Interface
devices, to understand and
manage all instruments needed to risk management.

 

I managed the balance between risk management
and construction dividing my work in three different phases:

1.      
Construction and
development: during calm phases, enlarging
the community by building new pods or developing the pre-existing ones,
depending on the situation;

2.      
Long-term
defence construction: during both
phases, increasing it before bigger attacks, according to the development of
the city/community. 

3.      
Comets’ analysis: during attacks phases, stopping development works to
collect and  analyse available data to
face further comets.

 

I have to admit that I often had to decide
when I had to stop development to analyse comets’ data or build new defences,
trying to find a balance to let people of the community work.

In some cases, I had to develop existing pods
instead of building new ones, to better connect them, since it is also useful
after attacks. 

I have to admit that preparation for risks
reduced construction’s speed.

 

I played the game four times.

At the beginning I was more concentrated on
building pods and self defence, but then I understood how to better manage
money increasing them and how to use them to balance all needs related to the
game.

I decided, then, to start from a small
community, obtaining a 50% insurance, not too expensive, but enough to speed
contingent re-construction works, and to stop those works while analysing
comets. 

During my last attempt I was learning how to
balance my work and my time facing urgent needs without forgetting my
milestones.

 

I live in China, a densely populated Country,
so I think that having a tool dedicated to alert population in those cases in
which risk is higher should be important. I would like that this tool could
also allow population to develop a self-protection network while moving forward
into the levels, so risk manager will not only manage this tool, but teach
local community how to manage by itself.

It means that at the beginning of the game
Risk Manager should appropriately use this tool, during the game, then, the
goal should be teaching the population how to use it by themselves.

