6407837

The game was interesting in that it made good illustration of the 4 components of risk management: knowledge (research), protection, insurance and coping. I suppose that people more familiar with strategy games would have enjoyed it and played better than me, but the objective was probably only to ingrain those 4 components in me. After the first trials which allowed me to understand how the game worked, I tried different strategies: building and repairing very quickly (coping only), building and improving very quickly while protecting, building, improving, protecting and insuring. It was only later that I found the advantages of research. My preferences lead me, without any calculation, to give priority to protection. It was quite clear that the severity of the hits delayed the development, cost money and sometimes set you back. Protection, insurance and research were costly and not a one shot expense. On the other hand, I guess, I did not take the game seriously enough because I felt it was too theoretical. Therefore, I was not ready to try to figure out the best optimal combination to improve my results and I just played intuitively.As I mentioned earlier, the biggest merit of the game is to make it automatic to think risk management in terms of the four components. As risk management is in almost everything we do in life, it is certainly very useful. The problem (on a theoretical point of view) is that such an approach leads you to a very mechanical approach of risk. Understanding risk is much more complicated than what it appears in the game or what the game have you consider it.The one change I would introduce would be to give a larger choice of catastrophic event: flood, volcano eruption, epidemic, war, riots, drought, global recession, etc. This change would be very minor, would not cost anything (it would need only a small change in the video and a very slight change in the script). That change would make it look more realistic and closer to the experience of practitioners. If I was allowed to make more than one change, I would also associate each of the events with specific solutions. This would allow to prepare long term solutions for totally unforeseen events (Black Swans). The risk with those improvements is the fact that the designers of the game are also transmitting social or political messages. All in all, I enjoyed the game and it was a welcome distraction from arid statistics or studies.     