6409775

As
the site of the settlement was under constant threat of tsunamis resulting from
asteroids impacts in the ocean (and potentially terrestrial), the goal was to
not only safely establish a sustainable community, but to ensure the
community’s resiliency in the face of these constant threats. As a result, the
role of risk management was to: a) inform stakeholders about the types,
frequency, and levels of severity of the potential events, assess their
possible impact on the development, and monitor their behavior; b) assess the
costs and benefits of multiple event scenarios; c) take appropriate and cost
effective preventative action to protect the settlement from these risks; d)
insure the development as per the levels of assessed risks; and e) prepare and
implement appropriate ex post coping responses when an event occurred in order to maintain the
integrity of the community.I
ran the game four times. The first time I didn’t really understand the dynamics
of the game itself, but after the first attempt I began to understand how to
balance the actual development process and investment cash flows with the
management of risk-threat information, assessment of the required levels of preventative
engagement and protective investment (including the levels of insurance
required as per evolving threats), ensure a quick and robust response network
to cope with the aftermath of an event, and manage the rapid rebuilding in
partnership with the private sector (e.g. insurance).

One
of the primary trade-offs I noticed was the need to occasionally strategically
slow down the pace of development in response to a combination of anticipated
incoming threats and resource limitations (e.g. cash flows), such as the need
to balance development expenditures and liquid reserves (e.g. savings) so as to
ensure there was cash available for rebuilding should negative impacts from an
event materialize.

With
regard to knowledge, besides monitoring cash flows, the two main components I
was concerned about were the potential of an actual asteroid impact and the resultant
severity levels. With this information, I was able to manage investment
decisions and resource flows.

Regarding
protection, in addition to responding appropriately to the incoming data and
cash flows, a physical development design strategy emerged based on
establishing the first structures furthest from the coastline and then filling
in the development toward the coast as the settlement became stronger and more
resilient after having weathered a couple of impact events and being able to
bounce back with greater profitability.

Additionally,
in partnership with continuously improving risk management practices (or
perhaps I should say: “as a result of good risk management practices”), the
development became much more profitable over time. My strategy evolved to
invest in both development and risk management early on. Cash balances, of
course, remained low for the first couple of levels, but as a result of those
early investments, the long-term over-all resiliency resulted in larger
financial returns (which were then reinvested back into the development), as well as greater community stability. Hence, early investments in
preparation for risk positively affected development.

As
far as changing or adding an element that could better represent the risk
management choices that matter, I have two comments. The first is related to the
game itself, and that is to somehow bring more attention to role of cash flow
management as a risk management tool. The second is related to an element I
might recommend that represent risk management choices in the area I live,
Washington, DC. I would recommend somehow including an element of ex post risk
management related to industry and employment.





