641183

I am not sure if I understood the logic behind the game. I have tried 4~5 times and still wasn't able to pass level 1...1: So the role of risk management was, I guess, to make sure that Alora flourishes (player moves on to the next level) despite the systemic risk (potential/actual damages caused by flying comets). In other words, I was expected to adequately allocate resources (time and money) in knowledge/research, protection, and insurance so that the pod kept developing while minimizing the (potential) loss by comets. However, the design of the game was as such that if we were to invest in research, we would lose time to develop and buying the most expensive insurance would set you back and cause shortage of money (although, didn't happen in my plays). For the first few rounds, I invested too much time and resources on research and insurance that in the end, my development project didn't suffer any damage but also did not get completed in time. I guess this shows exactly how, in fear of risk, we often don't dare to pursue productive opportunities. *However, in my last try, I have managed to complete the building (?) and didn't get any damage... yet, I still got the message that I lost at level 1. What could have been the problem? 2: Over the course of my repeated plays, I have changed the type of insurance, times spent on research, the order of development/research/insurance purchase (i.e., whether to start with buying an insurance, or research, or investment), but haven't managed to pass the first stage. I am not sure if I am missing something important, or it was just because I am not used to playing games of any kind. Still, looking at the structure (controls  limits I had), I got the message that balancing each element of risk management is crucial and extremely difficult (especially, in regards to the in-existence of a clear guideline. Yet, I guess that is the case in real life. We don't always have a good model to follow or standard measures we can stick to, to compare which element has what amount of impact in the final result.) 3: Again, I am not really familiar with games or their design/development, but just for the sake of the game's main objective (teaching risk management?), couldn't we at least get some general idea of the development project at the start of the game? Like, how much money  time would be required to complete the task; how much time 1 part of research takes; how much time it takes to recover from a part damage? Or, was it our role to jot down as we played, and calculate on our own? 