6417537







The risk management plays a key role in this
game and in order to achieve prosperity of your village it is necessary to take
into account the risk of meteors hitting your planet and as result your plots
will be damaged. The better knowledge you may receive by researching, the protection
you get by rising your plots level over the see and the level of insurance coverage
you may buy can accordingly give you the opportunity to predict the possibility
of negative events and their consequences, protect your village from damages or
at least reduce them and compensate your costs for further repair.

It is obviously that the player’s actions shall
be taken at the wright place and wright time. The insurance coverage shall be
bought before the negative event occurs but you shouldn’t insure the empty village
as well as forthcoming meteors may not bring a serious danger. The similar is
applicable for the ground level. If meteors doesn’t seem to have a large level
of severity you shouldn’t spend a lot of your funds to increase the level
protection you may prorogue this action and money saved can be invested in further
building of new plots and development of existing. As concerns research of meteors,
it is vital to obtain a new knowledge on a permanent basis as it is the reason of
risk on this planet.     

If I play this game again I shall concentrate all
my efforts to find the proper balance between insurance costs, protection level
and total costs for risk management so that my village grows faster and steadily.
Under total cost I mean that the player does not obliged to spend all his funds
on risk management and there is some minimal level of insurance, meteors’
researching and protection exist and it is enough to leave money for
development and your main purpose is to find it.  Playing this game each time you would develop
you skills and receive a new experience related to the risk management but I’d
prefer to recommend for example any other real time strategy PC games. All of
them have much more bigger quantity of factors of risks influence on
development as well as opportunities to counter with it.  

For the purposes of this course I would recommend
to add a risk management scale or average mark where all the indicators (scale
of development, scale of protection, insurance coverage level as well as knowledge
related to the meteors) would have been applied. As far as I understand the
risk management cannot be considered without all factors of risk and opportunities.
    


