6429035

Game
Reflection Essay

 Risk Horizon allowed me to utilize risk management in the
following ways:  

I began building in level 1, bought
50% loss insurance and then lifted the island up by at least three bars. I
scanned the sky for comets, while building better structures. I adjusted the
island lift as necessary to ensure resource growth. 

In level 2 and 3, my first priority
was 75% loss insurance. This resulted in lower damage costs. I then proceeded
to build better structures, keeping an eye out for comets. I researched comets
more and raised the island higher in these levels than in level 1.   

My trade-offs were in allocating
resources towards protection and insurance early in the level, and having
resource production and knowledge compensate for it by the end of the level. To
ensure smooth transition from one level to the next, all buildings had to be
completed (or repaired) prior to ending a level. That allowed optimal money
generation rate.  

The first time I played the game, I
had no clue on how to use research, and did not generate enough resources to
progress past level 1. I played the game numerous times and my above-stated
strategy reflected my optimal choices. 

 I learned to allow for build and repair time, as that was an
inconvenient variable in the game. Higher game levels produced more risk of
loss, so crutches like insurance, comet research (community building) and
raising the island were balanced with resource production to progress through
the game. 

If I were tasked with developing a
new version of the game, I would reduce the build time (or make it the same
time for all structures), as it resulted in more losses than comet hits. The
build time is a voluntary but necessary risk to progress through the game, and
seemed to be more important than the involuntary risks from comet hits. If I
were to tailor the game to my current environment, I would let the lower levels
last 4 minutes, and make the higher levels last for progressively shorter
periods. If the strategy were not optimized by then, the player would lose.   

