6439453

1) The role of risk management was to encourage the player to think strategically about how to reach development goals whilst anticipating inevitable risks. The role of risk management also involves the management of time resources and the need to be able to juggle multiple activities at once. I made choices to insure heavily although perhaps too much and lost wealth too quickly. I decided not to invest in protection as much as it seemed to take too long to increase. It was more satisfying to build as many pods as quickly as possible. Under time pressure I did not analyse all the information of the risk as thoroughly as I probably should have, I only really glanced at the severity of the risk and not the possibility of it hitting my village. It is important to learn what level of protection is required. Preparing for risk slowed down the building of pods but helped to protect existing ones. Increasing protection from risk was a time-consuming activity. 2) I would purchase a lower level of insurance in order to retain wealth and to accurately match the severity of each comet. I would also compare the value of building new pods compared to adding more onto the existing pods so I could faster reach my development goals. I would also invest more money in increasing the protection of my pods. The main thing I learned from the game is to respond to the severity of 
risks more appropriately and strategically in order to maximise the 
growth of the villages. It is important to compare the cost-benefit of damage to existing villages without enough protection and community connections to the cost of slowing down the construction of pods and making more deliberate calculations of what protections and insurance I need. I could have increased protection - which is cheaper, purchased insurance that was more proportional to the severity of the risk and thus build more pods in order to reach development objectives. 3) It would make the game much more complex but I would add some geographical variations and risks. For example the land where pods are built may be near flood-risk or bushfire risk areas in order to present a more characterised form of risk that is more representative of the real risks that communities face. I would also increase the opportunities to create networks and connections between the various villages as a form of protection - rather than only after a comet has hit my village. 