6469199

The Risk Horizon game provides a simplified model of the risk management process as explained in the course. The goal of the course is to realize for the community the opportunities available through the given resources (land, financial resources, etc...) in a context of environmental risks (meteors falling n the sea and creating natural disaster). To strive and succeed, it is necessary to balance well the different components of risk.First, the end goal is to build assets for the community, so a significant part of the available resources should go to do it. The goal is not to devote most resources to achieve 100% protection against risk, or to avoid risk altogether - but on the contrary to build a reasonable exposure to risksSecond, it is possible to gain information and knowledge regarding upcoming risks by buying surveys. that helps with assessing the level of protection and assurance required to reasonably mitigate the risksThird, once risks are evaluated, it is possible to mitigate risks by buying protection (by raising the level of the ground) and by buying insurance (reducing the financial loss in case the risk is realized)  Finally, if the risk is materialized, then it is possible to cope with it by buying repairsI played the game a couple of times. When I started first, I was using too many resources to buy the assets, and got stuck when I was caught with too little protection when a big meteor crushed. Second time, I was probably too prudent, and could not finish on time. Third time I got it right, by raising the level of protection only when my observations where showing a significant risk ahead, and by building the assets at the right rhythm - not too fast, not too slowly. I also has to accept some exposure to risk and accept that some of my assets be damaged. Maybe I was also lucky, I don't know...This game is indeed a simplified model to describe the reality of risk management. It might overlook the fact that in real life, people get more and more resilient and knowledgeable to risks as they are exposed to them. For example, some assets can be built more efficiently or some information management can be more efficient as people encounter those risks over and over again. So, one way to make the game more realistic would be to improve the efficiency of risk management choices, or maybe to make available new risk management tools as the player is becoming more experienced. that would allow the community to become more and more sophisticated, while coping more and more efficiently with risks. 