647947

The game that was designed to practice risk management was very informative and exciting. I try to reflect my experience briefly here.Risk management played a key role in the game. The quest for development and preparing for natural disaster that is present in the environment highlighted the importance of risk management. There was always a trade off between time, money and speed of development when preparing for risk management. Specifically, acquiring knowledge by investing in R@D was necessary but this would make your progress slower. Insurance cost money, but you need it in case the disaster hits and you have to rebuild part of your progress. Also, insurance is not permanent and needs to be renewed. This is where the astute policy maker has to make the right choice and buy enough insurance in anticipation of the damage but not too much so that his/her resources are wasted. Finally, community plays an important role when the disaster comes. If enough attention is given to communication within the community members, the damage can be reduced significantly. These are the three key components of the risk management that I encountered in the game and practiced them in a fairly good simulation of the reality.The preparation for risk is good for development by it takes some time to settle in. For example, by consuming resources (time and money), investing in R@D dampen the process of development, but after some time and especially when there is a disaster, the benefits of investing in this area becomes apparent. This is also the case for insurance which does not have any immediate effects, but come in handy in times of calamity.I played the game more than once. At first, I made two mistakes. One, I did not pay enough attention to the data coming from R@D about the severity and chance of the disaster and so I invested too much in insurance and R@D. Next rounds got a lot better with a near optimum money for insurance and R@D, I could develop faster and hit the target with enough time to prepare for higher levels. Also, community relations was central to my attention from the beginning and I escaped a lot of damage by my fast community ties.I learned quite a lot from the game. The main thing is that risk management occurs in a strategic environment. Resources are scarce and allocating these resources efficiently to different activities is the main key to sustainable development. If not enough attention is paid to R@D, the information about the risky setting is not available and so we are walking in the dark. Insurance, though expensive at the time of buying, is essential to bouncing back fast and efficient when there is a misfortune. Finally, tying the community knots fast and widespread is the ultimate tool to battling with hardship in a risky state of affairs.If I have to change the game to make it better, I would add a fourth component: community relations when there is no disaster. Surely when there is no disaster, we should invest time and money to strengthen our ties within our community. Educating people about this matter is one of those investments. Another is the trying to keep those ties once they are formed and not to procrastinate these issues. If there is a way to add this component, maybe in the form of building schools near each of those houses and upgrade them, it would make the game more real in my view.