6496493

1. What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

Ans : Risk
management had a very important role, in the game as there was a tradeoff to be
made in terms of resources available and the avenues where they can be used. The
three main avenues were: protection, insurance, research. All three had their
own benefits. I always tried to keep the Pods at a comparatively higher
elevation giving them the protection. While research was my main tool, through
which I could minimize the losses by community living to boost my protection. Insurance
was taken by me according to the levels of difficulty, as the level got
tougher  I increased the insurance plan,
this helped to mitigate the losses in case of severe meteors. This preparation helped
me to reduce the losses levels of impact to 0%, and sometimes 7-9 %. This was a
remarkable achievement as now I could easily upgrade the Pods and thus induce
development in the community.

2.If
you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to
play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did
you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned
from the game?

Ans: I
played the game more than once, and there was some improvement in every next
attempt. These were as follows:

· From the
next time, I started utilizing the community living structure well by
researching the meteors.

· By keeping a
track of all my investments, I could better decide which insurance policy to
opt for according to the last experience of the number and quality of meteors.

· The proper
utilization of resources that is if we have enough monetary resources than time
should be well utilized as when we research for the meteors. 

Learnings:

· When research
is being carried out, if we have enough resources then go for upgrading or
developing a new Pod, and then continue researching.

· Spend time
on researching only when we see that there is a big chance of hitting.

· If there are
more than one meteors, decide according to the potential threat and speed of
their movement and accordingly research all of the required ones.

· If we manage
the risks well, there can be development in the longer run which can be then
utilized for prosperity in living.



3.The game captures, in a simplified
way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a
new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing.
What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices
that matter in the place you live   

Ans: the
changes that I would like to make are as follows:

·  Separate insurance
for the different geographical areas involved, this would include a decision
parameter that which area to develop first and which area to insure, doing a better
cost-benefit analysis.

·  The return
on cost should be given, that in which version of POD how much are we getting
in return, this would include a trade-off between upgrading the PODS and the
risk mitigation.

. The
different meteors that were given should have a specific characteristic of the
losses possible. There should be clear instructions of the probable % losses
due to different meteors.       .  the PODs should be given with specification that which grade POD has how much resistance and earning potential, as there will be another trade off between developing new POD's and upgrading the old ones.                                                                                