6497061

I played the game 3 times. During my first attempt, I
checked how game worked. On the second attempt, I started figuring out how my
decisions affected my progress and I reached level 3. On my 3rd
attempt, I reached level 4 with some improved decisions and timing. During the
game, I realized the importance of decision-making in terms of knowledge,
protection-insurance and development. There was external risk for damage that
should be prevented and at the same time, the need for development. The more I
played the game, the more I understood the timing and the decisions to be made
in order to achieve the goal.

The balance between these
choices is difficult to reach. If you spend too much on
building and upgrading pods, you will be exposed to comets when they hit. When
you sustain damage from comets your progress bar on the left is decreased. On
the other hand, if you spend too much on preparation for risk, you will not
have enough money to develop your community sufficiently to pass the level.
This is a balance policy makers have to
consider all the time.
They have limited resources, so there is a tension between spending up front on
risk management (for shocks that may hit in the future, but may not hit) or to
spend on other development priorities. How should they spend their money?

 The role of risk
management had to do with the development of the village and its protection,
with limited resources (funding). The preparation for risk management has
certain financial cost, but slowly it helped attain the same or even better
financial condition. If I were playing the game again, I would possibly attempt
different timing and strategy on my decisions for research (knowledge),
development and insurance, so that I increase the likelihood of advancing to
the next level.

If I could change one thing, it might be the possibility of
developing mechanisms to defend the possibility of damage from the comets in a
long term. In that way, there might be less need to short-term insurance.

