6505040

The Risk Horizon game was a good way of practicing risk management and it appeared to be not that easy. I needed to practice a few times before I could reach to level four. Part of the risk you can plan for by investing in research, insurrance and protection, but these measures take time of from building and development. Therefore you need to look for a balance and take decisions based on the information you have. In the end I always took insurance for protection, mostly 50%. Protection and knowledge were also elements where I put time in. For the knowledge component, I based my time efforts on the severity and potential of strike. So not all meteors where researched on the same level. I played the game more than once. I changed the way I protect myself. To put it differently, I found a balance between protection and development. In the beginning of each level, I first invested in insurrance, then developing some plots, after which I was researching meteors. Depending on how the meteors strike, I would repair damages or further invest in the plots. I always tried to have some money on the bank, in case of damages I could repair them immediately. The main thing I learned was making balanced decisions with the information you have. If I could change the game, I would add a government component, certain rules you can or have to apply from the government. In the real world. governments and their rules/regulation play a major part in live. They are also assisting in risk management and probably have some rules for people who develop houses. Maybe during the game they will advice you to build in a different way, which makes the houses better protected, but is an investment to make by the developers (people who are playing the games). Furthermore, I would make it clearer what protection can do and what happens with the research. In conclusion I would like to say that it was a great learning experience to play the game and think about risk management in a different way. I actually wanted to play over and over again to reach to the end of the game! 