6507810

The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?The game is very
interesting and successful in consolidating the concept of risk
management. All events are presented in a simple way, but captured almost most
of the major factors of risk. If I have a choice to improve the game by adding
a simple thing, I would add more options for the type of natural disasters so
that players can choose appropriate disaster for the place they live.  For example, flooding or typhoon would be best
suitable for the South East Asia areas while tornadoes would be a good choice
for the United States.  From each
particular type of selected disaster, the player will have a choice to see how
the consequences would be; the protection planning and insurance therefore
varied. In fact, the disaster type dictates how the frame work of risk
management should be although the end result are the same as destruction are unimaginable
financially and economically in worst case scenarios. The current disaster type in the game doesn't represent an actual situation that most commonly occurred on earth; however,
it has captured the overall process of understanding the risk environment to
plan for protections.  In fact, there always
are more than one type of natural disasters that qualify for the risk
management in every communities.  In my
area, earth quake and firing are the disasters that we are looking at for the
risk management.  Through learning how
the shock happened in the past and what would happen in the future, we are
mobilizing the whole community in planning for coping with the problem. The
game feature will then have this capacity, and perhaps becomes more interesting
when the player has to deal with multiple threats that, in worst case scenario,
would happen at the same time. The player totally has his or her choice to
establish the situation complexity. The rewarding of course will be based on
how many and what type of disasters that the player are facing.  







I hope my idea is
simple enough for the change in the game. 
I do enjoy playing it, and this is the best practice in reinforcing the
lesson we are learning.  It is the first
time I see how a computer game benefits an academic lesson.  I hope, in the future, we will see in
academic environment, more fun activities are available for learning and
studying.  Be creative and we will make
our way! 