650828

Q1. The role of risk management in the game is to train us about the skills and knowledge about how to reduce risks and to attain our goals..I chose between settling up community, that is my goals as many as possible. My trade off is to buy insurance to protect my settlements from being by comets  and causing death or losses to my settlements. The insurance come in the forms of protective structure built around my settlements an the insurance insurance cost I have to incur to to avoid being hit .To secure maximum gains while paying,is to pay the optimum trade -off of insurance costs to secure protection against unanticipated risks of losses.In the game the danger come from comets, some are visible, some are not. I was very conscious of the visible comets that might hit my settlements. So I bought high insurance so that the comet might be lead away from my settlements. But when I was thinking that there wasn't any visible danger from the sky, i do not buy insurance at that moment , that's the time that an invisible comet hit my settlement even though I have built up protection shield around my settlements. The game has a time limit, amount of money (resources) available to be allocated between building settlements, protective shields around the settlements. All these give us the sense of constraints in which I have to operate all my activities to attain my goals. So, always buy insurance against risks, in our context the protection from the comets with the optimum(suitable) insurance amount, within our resources so as to reap maximum returns.Risks affect developments. Always clear the risks because development, or buy insurance before any undertaking,because I might not know how big the damage might inflict on my development, it might be 100% destruction on my settlement where my entire developmental might be wiped out, and that gives me no chance to recover and to rebuild towards my goals.Q2, If I played the game once, (game code CJKP7XZI ) I would know only three types of comets.If I played more than twice  I came to know that there were more that five type of comets that might hit my settlements, and that some comets were invisible.I came to know were that the the information we know about comets( dangers) are not perfect., but the more I research them, the more accurate  my information becomes. That is why security and chance of getting hit  changes or becomes smaller as I spend more time in research about such dangers.Therefore the main things I learnt (from second game KPe8sz6) was I could attain the status of 151st illuminator  with many behind me because I could learn from the others' mistakes and build my strength upon their strength as well , and stand tall.So, put it simply, always research and learn ways to reduce risks.Q3. To improve the game I would add the chance/probability of a given comet type hitting my settlement  so that I can buy the appropriate amount of insurance against such risk and thereby cutting down the costs of over-insurance on given threat/risk, and at the same time spend resources to fortify my settlements accordingly. This additional knowledge about a given risk might help me allocate more resources more optimally and reducing wastage  of over-insurance.The rationale is allocate more resources to protect my precious assets(settlements) against great risks that are more likely to happen.I would like to have air pollution index in my town to warn people to stay indoor when the index is high.