6510153

The role that risk management during the game, as in life, is as a mechanism that goes hand to hand with the development of society. Through the various choices made in the game, you may notice the most important aspect of life, society and the economy; the opportunity cost. Choose an activity like building or developing property, prevented you could allocate resources to improve security or an insurance policy is purchased. If it was decided to investigate meteorites threatening to society, attention could not be used to perform any of the other activities. The game is a clear example of how the economy interacts with risk management. The game allows you to see that the natural tendency is to seek protection from potential risks. It is a primitive question, which involves looking for natural protection against the unknown.The game is sufficiently aware that the biggest benefit to a society occurs when it is determined to learn more about what is uncertain. During the game, it is easier to progress when meteorites are investigated that when the city is "lifted" to avoid being hit by the waves produced by the impact. After playing a second time, it is possible to obtain a higher degree of development when it avoids unused money. That is, it is best to always be creating a property, developing it or repairing damaged; especially when going to devote attention to research meteorites. If you were to modify the game, add some key elements: First, add a mechanism for borrowing, with which you can access loans to get money when it may be necessary. Second, modify the insurance scheme risk sharing. Damaging events are only affecting the entire society as a common shock. In real life, such events are unlikely, while the most common are individual affectations. Third, add the ability to sell properties. The game would become more realistic. If any lesson left me the game and that I would like to see implemented in the place where I live is that research is essential for development. I wish it received more support and encouragement.