65143

To be honest with you I was skeptical about the game when I
first saw it. However after I played it, I changed my mind. The game, in spite
of being so simple, provided me with a lot of insights about risk management. It shows the importance of all parts of risk management: knowledge, protection and insurance. Here are some of insights that I found very interesting.

First of all, when I was playing the game, I
was researching comets. It helped me to predict the severity and the chance of
hit, so I was able to build up necessary protection and decide on timing of my
expenditures. This demonstrates the importance of getting knowledge in order to
cope with risk more affectively. Since the time and money were limited, during
the game as in reality one have to make decisions on how to use available
resources in the most effective way. Thus, I had to decide whether I want to build
or upgrade a pod in order to develop my settlement or to increase protection or
to buy insurance. These kinds of choices are very similar to what many
individuals, societies and governments are facing every day. 

Second, the game demonstrates the importance of building up
protection. Even though you could not see the benefits of money that you have
spend if there is no damage after the disaster (comet stroke). However, if the
level of protection is low and not sufficient, the losses are much greater and
it becomes difficult to achieve the required level of development in time. In
addition, the connections between different pods helped to increase protection,
thus the higher integration of society is beneficial.

Third, I would like to talk about the insurance. When I was
playing the game for the first time I was purchasing insurance every round.
Finally my reserves were depleted and I was not able to reach the required
level of development in tame because of the lack of money. The second time when
I played the game, I didn’t purchase insurance during the early stages of the
game. Instead I invested money in building up the protection. However, later in
the game the insurance is absolutely necessary, because once you got hit, the
renovation is very costly and there is almost no chance to “come back” on track
in time.

If I can add one thing to the game it would be different types
of buildings/different industries with different exposure to the risk, but also
different returns. So the choices of prioritization should be made.

Thank You!