6527805

The game provided a simplified but nevertheless realistic version of real obstacles that might impede the development progress, giving an authentic overview of events that disrupt original plans and projects.I unfortunately did not reach higher than level four, and, without completing it, as I endeavoured to find a balance between knowledge, protection and development. I did, however, find that knowledge and research were the most beneficial aspects to place extra focus on. I spent an hour at two separate occasions, playing the game, struggling originally with the instructions, but soon harmonised the relationship between developing and researching, in favour to focusing excessively on protection and insurance. This way I learnt the importance of continuing “normal life” despite external threats as they cannot be managed or contained but simply prepared for. I also found that the further up in the levels one went, the more the comets missed due to the preparation having been conducted in the earlier ones.I understand that protection was an impediment in itself, as it withdrew valuable time that could have been spent doing research and developing, however, I think that it is something that should be incorporated into the development plan of action, rather than considered a separate element in the field of risk management. Insurance, as a strategy, usually did not come in very handy in the game if enough rigorous protection was in place. It was commonly an expense that did not provide a profitable enough return and thus came out less useful. Insurance only marginally decreased the cost of rebuilding and re-capacitating the community. Furthermore as a long term benefit insurance was barely relevant in the situation, as the cost tended to outweigh the benefits.  I would, as an improvement to the game in general, but mainly for the morale of the player, suggest checkpoints which allows the player to restart on the same level on which they failed. After having failed four levels on numerous occasions, I found it rather demoralising having to recommence at the first level each time. Furthermore, based on my location, which is currently a commute between Scandinavia and the British Isles, I for example think that community connections become less relevant, as Northern Europe in general has quite individualistic cultural norms. Instead, I might even be so bold to suggest an eradication of that component of the game in order to regionalise it, thus making it even difficult for the community to cope with the shocks.I learned primarily that balance is key, both in development in general and in risk preparation strategy. One of the most interesting aspects of the game, and how to rebuild a community, was how linking the citizenry with each other has such a powerful effect, which one might struggle to visualise if not having experienced any shocks that have affected one’s community in a similar way.  As a recent graduate from international development studies, I have not until commencing this course fully realised the significance of risk management within this field, and, it was given a substantially small amount of attention during my course. There is a need for fostering solid infrastructure between these elements within the realm of development as well as e.g. security and conflict resolution, to reduce both societal and personal adverse shocks in all three areas. Further education on these issues are essential, for preparing and providing individuals and households with the adequate tools in order to cope with adverse shocks. I will suggest for my university to implement this game into the course plans of one or several of the modules. 