653292

The concept of the game was closely related to the issues of
risk management covered within the video lecture and required reading; the
purpose of the game was to develop a community whilst balancing a trade-off between
knowledge (researching the meteorite properties), protection (building defences
which halted growth), and insurance (different levels could be purchased).  Initially, the majority of meteorites had low
impact and so the community could withstand this without much protection,
however as the game progressed the protection had to be increased – this had to
be done gradually otherwise there would be insufficient development to complete
the level.

After getting wiped out by the meteorite at the end of the 2nd
level, I played the game several times; each time I placed more effort in
building protection at earlier stages of the game. I also found that engaging
in more “even” development, rather than building a few properties to
high-levels, was helpful in generating growth – perhaps this was an example of
spreading risk improving the opportunities afterwards. I picked up three main
lessons; firstly, early preparation of protection can be helpful in the future
(even if a natural disaster does not hit in the initial period). Secondly, research
into / gaining knowledge of the threat can be helpful in deciding what measures
to take (for instance if it was clear that a meteorite was going to be low
impact and have a low probability of hitting then one could concentrate on
other items of development). Lastly, a good reaction to the event (i.e.
clicking on the developments after a meteorite hits) can minimise the damage
incurred.

The one change I would make is allowing a differential
impact on the properties depending on where they are positioned on the map
relative to the impact; for instance those positioned nearest to the impact
would have greater damage. This would encourage users to build away from the
worst hit areas and is akin to the information in the videos that suggest
flood-damage and earthquake damage in the developing world can be reduced by
building in different areas.