6556547

Understanding the role of risk management in ‘Risk Horizon’ was vital
in continuing to develop pods and
the economy of Alora, and to progress to the next level in the game. Choices had to be made between different risk management
strategies including: purchasing insurance; upgrading protection; obtaining
knowledge of comets and their likelihood of crashing; and increasing
development of the pods. It was important to try and balance the trade-offs
between these components of risk by being attentive to each component. Purchasing
insurance allowed for smaller repair payments to be made when damage occurred.
Additionally, upgrading protection was a preparation mechanism that prevented
some comets from crashing in the first place. As comets appeared, it was
important to identify their risk of crashing and spend time researching their
potential impact. I played ‘Risk Horizon’ a few times. The first time I played, I
experimented with varying combinations of risk management strategies and
focused on developing pods, researching comets and purchasing the highest level
of insurance. After the first time however, it became clear that protection and
community connections were also important. In subsequent games, I therefore
took a more balanced approach and adopted all risk management strategies. One particular
strategy I used was to increase the level of protection during times when the
development bar was full (or over its required threshold) and when there were
no comets to research.  I learned three important things from the ‘Risk Horizon’ game. Firstly
and most importantly, I learned that risk management when put into practice
(even through a simulated computer game), is a lot more involved than it may
appear. A variety of preparation and coping mechanisms need to be put into
place to ensure the most effective risk management. Secondly, I learned that balancing
a broad range of risk management strategies is vital to preventing and mitigating
risk. Thirdly, I learned that the combination of knowledge (improving the understanding
of possible shocks and their potential outcomes), protection (reducing the
probability or scope of losses from negative shocks or increasing potential
gains from positive shocks) and insurance (transferring resources from good to
bad times to act as a ‘fall-back’ when shocks occur) must be applied in
combination in order to implement an integrated risk management approach.  One suggested change to ‘Risk Horizon’ to better represent the risk
management choices in the place that I live (Australia) would be to adapt the
scenario to a natural disaster caused by climate change. For example, rather
than a comet crash, the risk could instead be a bushfire. In this way, the
scenario would be more relevant to a real world problem (changes in climate
leading to natural disasters) and the risk management strategies of knowledge, protection
and insurance would apply in a more direct and applicable way.  















Overall, I thought the ‘Risk Horizon’ game was a useful introductory
tool to gain a more practical understanding of the importance of balancing risk
management strategies in development. 