6559147

I have a community of Alora to build and develop in the wake
of a natural hazard - comets. These comets threaten our development every time
they hit our community, by sending shock waves that induce flooding on our Alora
community. It is therefore my responsibility to protect this community from the
mightiest comets and developed a thriving community that will endure for
generations. To do this a path of balance is needed most (a balance between
preparation and development) ,so, I employed risk management.

However, to achieve an appropriate balance, i made a choice.
Everything we do has some cost, whether in time or resources and comparing the
cost-effectiveness of preparing for risk of comets with that of coping with its
consequences is one of the important trade-offs that i made. Protecting the
community is useful but can get expensive. The higher the community rises, the
more expensive it becomes to protect it further. The choice between these
actions depends in part on how the (certain) costs of preparing for the risk of
comets compare to the (often uncertain) benefits of doing so. I used more of
protection bar when the community is still at the infant stages because it is
cheaper and relatively has little effect on my development but at some stages
when confronted by a less severe comets of high or low chance of hitting the community
i leveraged on community protections (like a kind of insurance) by investing on
research. The more i invested on research the more time i have, and more time
to make community connections because when disaster strikes we help each other
survive by sharing resources --forming and sustaining connections is so
valuable. 

Not only relying on the protection from the community, when
confronted by highly severe comets, the most cost effective option here is
adequate insurance, if at all the community is being damaged it makes repair
cheaper and faster, and also replenish some of the lost development but like
most insurance companies, Alorian Insurance salesmen force you to renew your
plan every round. Also, preparation for the Alora community against the comets
made Alora development stopped. This is an immediate negative correlation
between time for preparation and development I.e  the more time one spend developing pods the
lesser time one use in to prepare against comets . And it is something i keep
in mind when attempting to balance preparing for comets strike and reaching the
developmental goal before time runs out.

Though, having played the game several times i learned that
once the Alora community has fully developed (the development bar is green). It
is easier to cope with all other things like comets threat and community
protection and development goal (the mark on the development bar), by making
the necessary balance, otherwise success is not guaranteed in the long-run. i
invested more in researching the comets, this is very important due to
uncertainty nature of the information gathered which changed randomly and
unpredictably. And this helped me to make more connections to add to my
protections when comets eventually hits my Alora community.

All in all, the game captures some aspects of risk
management like identifying risk, preparation, coping, and prosperity etc. But
if i were to develop another version i would be glad to add obstacle to previous
risk management modules (particularly corruptions as one) because this happens to
be the chief impediment to risk management in my country. And not only in my
country, but it looms in many places of the world as it is being described in
the report itself. Many thanks  to World Bank.

