656085

1. Risk management in the game demonstrated that in life their are trade offs to decision making. Resources are finite and therefore you need to way the pros and cons for selecting certain strategies over others. In order of importance the game seemed to reinforce that knowledge is the most important, then protection and finally insurance. However importantly all are required to cover various levels of shock. For example, knowledge is demonstrated by identifying which comets are likely to hit. You can safely ignore those that are not going to and you need to focus on those that are. Knowledge allows you to understand the level of protection required to adequately meet the shock. In this game this was the level of the village raised as protection. It is a waste of resources and time to raise protection so high that the community cannot develop. Protection of a few does not help you progress. Finally insurance provided you a means of quickly recovering from a shock. The game highlighted that insurance is not necessarily immediately however it is required once you have reached a certain level of development. 2. After playing the game numerous times it became apparent that building more pods and increasing their level increased the overall score. A parallel to life can be drawn with the importance of investing in developing infrastructure, buildings etc. Insurance became important when you had more to lose. With only a few buildings the cost benefit ratio was not there for insurance. Importantly the more i played the game the more I understood that initial research of which comets (shocks) would likely eventuate. Those that would not could be ignored whereas those that were going to hit had to be addressed. This could be through protection - raising the level of the village, insurance if protection would not cover the shock or continued research. 3. I was not really sure what the connections represented. However the more research that was conducted the more time i had to make connections. I assume that this parallels to the community helping each other in time of shock. As highlighted in the weekly resources and also the Risk Report investing in the right technologies for a given area is vital. This is dykes in Neatherlands, drainage (required) in Mumbai and building codes in Chile. It may be a good addition to add this component to the game. That is certain structures are better built in a certain area. This would required knowledge. If they are built in the correct area the protection level is higher. Therefore you need less insurance. Vice versa if you build them in incorrect areas their protection level is lower and insurance is higher.