6584363

The role of
risk management in the game was to find the proper balance between preparing
for risk (comets hits and damages) and invest in developing the pods and the
community. 

The main
choice I made was at the Level 1, between protection or get an insurance. What
we can observe is that the protection (upper level from the sea) and the
knowledge (by observing the comets) can be a first step, and sufficient. I chose to
invest heavily in protection to raise protection to at least 4 bars. 

Preparation
for risk affect development as when we observe the comets for example, it is
not possible to build or upload the pods. A choice has to be made between
knowledge or development, which is the immediate consequence. After some time, if the
preparation for risk was not good enough, the shock occurs, and the pods are
damaged, so that affects the development and its future potential.

 

After the
first time I played the game, what I did differently is to more upload the pods
and build on news. I also tried to spend all the money and not to keep it. 

The main
things I learned from the game are: 

-         
First,
the game is all about to find the balance (and confront trade-offs). That shows
the risk management is certainly a balance between taking on risks and
preparing for it, or acting only after a shock has occured. The proper balance
is quite hard to find, and we need to think strategically. Despite the fact
that we all agree about the components of the risk management (knowledge,
protection, insurance and coping…), the interrelations, and what it; For me the
importance given to each, and most of all the order, is a part of a personal
interpretation: according to your culture for
example, what you consider to be a priority is different so your action will be
changed.  

-         
The
second main thing I learned from the game is an excellent preparation (very
high levels of knowledge, of protection and of insurance) is not sufficient to
reach the next level before the countdown ends and even if there is no damage
after a comet hit.  That means security
(or an excessive security) is not a key to development also could be an obstacle. The development by bulding news pods or uploading the old ones is necessary for each level. 

 

The change
I would propose to better represent the risk management choices in the game
concerns the damages. I will insert two types of damages: short-term damages
(constructions etc.) and long-term damages (like sanitarians). Theses long-term
damages could be included as part of what the player has to deal with because it affects development. The financial constraint or a new tool would be usefull.    

Maybe I
would also propose a financial contraint more binding! For example an
unexpected event (mechanical issues for the research…) affects the community
and they have to pay for it. It would make the money less secure, predictive
and we would have to save some money in case of an emergency. 

That would
be the one or the two changes I would propose because the game is quite simple
but it is why it is easy to understand (and a good one). With RiskHorizon we can see
and understand the connections between all the components of the risk management and how this all works at the
same time. The timer and the financial constraint are great tools. 