6618007

1)      
The
risk management measures made in this game were to prevent damage caused to the
pods by floods as an aftermath of the grounded comets. In this context the pods
are representative of community that gets affected after a natural disaster. The
entire game’s analogy was a clever way to expose to tools such as research (of
comets severity), protection (raising the island) and insurance (for the
property and community). I also realize the importance of building a community and
taking into account its development (by building and upgrading the pods) and
keeping the investment in check so I have enough reserves to rebuild the
community with the available resources if disaster strikes again.

2)      
If
I played it once, I would have built only 2 pods upgraded and insured them and
prayed hard that the comets will miss, so that I can remain in the game to
proceed to the next level.

I played this game many times until I
understood which strategy worked best. Initially I did not build a community. I
built about 2 pods, purchased the heaviest amount of insurance and upgraded the
pods. Although I had enough money to fix the damage but I ran out of time
fixing it when I was severely hit by floods as after effects of landing comets.
Then I realized my cash increases when I am on the comet’s research option,
although I can’t explain how investing in research helps my cash to build up;
but that still did not help to raise the green bar fast enough. Finally I
decided to invest heavily on protection by raising the island as I went along building
the pods. I did notice though that when a comet hits and there is damage to the
island, the protection bar decreases. Along the way I upgraded to build a
community. I invested on buying insurance with the highest insurance premium. I
survived much longer using all these options. Though I realize that I was losing
cash in protection, research and upgrades, the risk mitigation actions were
worth the investment as the world of Alora was saved and I achieved full points
for the game assignment. Finding the balance in building the community slow and
steady as well as continuously being aware of the oncoming threats (comets) was
helpful.

3)      Management, because many a time a
policy fails at the management level due to coordination inconsistency and missing
synergy. I would add a few characters representing various levels in e.g. community leader, council leader etc.

I would propose involvement of key players
from all levels to understand and challenge a policy and its feasibility of
implementation to better represent the risk management choices that matter in
the place that I live in. For instance a new tax tariff was introduced without justifications
and without consulting the community and its representatives. Just sending a
letter to inform of change is sign of weak governance.