6619099

Managing risk is rarely deemed as a glamorous or appealing task, as we often are more concerned about our day to day activities than we are to the realities which may befall us during that time. This game was an interesting introduction to my own attitudes towards risk management, and demonstrated in an engaging (though sometimes frustrating) way, the matrix of choices to be made. I played this game five times. To be honest, I attempted it once, and was not going to try again ... until I saw the grade upon submission. And thus five minutes became 40 minutes of exploration. In my first go round, I was more keen on getting as much pods as possible, and paid very little attention to the community bar, or to insurance. When I failed to make it beyond the first round, I knew then that I had been mistaken. Purchasing insurance became a priority, and remained one for the duration of the game. By the third try, I was focussing on upgrading a few pods instead of purchasing many, yet when the comets hit, even full insurance could not help me to recover fast enough. At the fifth go, I reached the third round, and had a rhythm of supporting the community  and keeping an eye out for comets. I must admit, I became very reluctant to upgrade pods or buy new ones when the costs of the category 10 comet hit. In the previous game, all my funds had been depleted, despite having a good protection bar. I think that is a natural response to risk for many - no one likes to remain in a vulnerable state.Were I to change or add one thing to the game, it would be to include a family component. There are both costs and benefits to be derived from being a part of a family. Hence a garden maintained by one's daughter may contribute to the family income. Whereas an ill husband may require funds for recovery. Rarely do you find individual actors in the developing world - social capital in the form of family and community networks are valuable resources, but also impact on the choices one makes. Yes, there is the protection bar, but I feel that including a family element would make it more realistic and relevant .I'll periodically give this game another play, if only to what happens at the end.