6624353

For me personally the Risk Horizon game wasn't the best way of learning more about the interlinked components of Risk Management. I've played the game more than once, but it seemed like as more I've played the worse it got. Furthermore, I think people who are used to computer games will do much better because their speed and ability to move the cursor. If people, like myself are more slow with the fingers, especially for the last part where you try to rebuild your pots and as more points you retrieve,as better, because you are not damaged. I also did not really find out how to share resources after I've got hit. This said, I have learned during the game, that as more research you do as more protected the village is. Protection allows me to reduce the risk and the size of losses. Research is a very important part of preparation. It allows me to gain knowledge and be aware of what is to come, I am preparing myself and the community: working together to building houses stronger etc.  The community can survive by sharing resources through knowledge. It is a very important  task to help people understand that they have resources and do help them identify these resources. Finding these lacks of resources are very important. In underdeveloped nations it is mostly the lack of finances and a lack of access to markets. Forming and sustaining connections with each other and different organisations is very valuable. Building networks can help prevent the outcome of the next damage. Different societies need to work together. Everybody can contribute and strengthen their community.Insurance plays a huge part. I have already mentioned, that a very big problem is the lack of finances. So for Organizations to offer the chance of Insurance is a great opportunity to overcome these obstacles. Organisations can help provide security and help people to prepare before disaster strikes. For a new version of the game I would definitely make it more clear how everything works more together. After I won it shows the meteors when we click on them, we can learn about them. How does that affect the game though? How does it help me though to prepare myself and the community I live in. The main thing I have learned is to really know my community, to enable people to work with everybody together to build a stronger network.