6625027

The Risk Horizon game emphasizes that we are exposed to
risk, as we have no control over the trajectory of the comets, but the ability
to manage our risk can improve the development of our little lunar community. The
game highlights that building foundations is important, as it is not just about
avoiding commits.  The role of the risk
management game was to gain a better understanding of the importance of
balancing and investing in research (knowledge), protection, insurance, and
coping as a community.The game had you making choices between how you develop your
community and how you manage risks. There was a choice of increasing
researching which contributes to knowledge, a choice to protect by increasing
elevation, and a choice to purchase insurance. The trades offs were between how
to spend your time and resources.  While the
amount of money would change, the time we are allocated does not so if you were
spending time on protection, you were not able to spend time on research so it
was important to be aware of when to shift your priorities.I played the game several times and found that as I played,
I became better at using research and matching protection. After several times,
you also realize that there should be something happening at all times. If you
are not developing or seeking protection, you should be researching to help minimize
damage.  The main thing that I learned is
that there is finite time, so it is important to make choices as to how you
want to spend such time. Also, research has a large impact, so the importance
of knowledge is key. Knowing the severity of the comet and the likelihood allowed
me to compensate by purchasing insurance or building protection.  It is interesting to note that  just having complicated policies or expensive
insurance packages in place is not enough, it is essential to have knowledge
with protection and insurance.The game is very interesting as it creates a need for
balance. When you were able to prepare for the risk, such as through using
researching, you were able to connect with your developments and minimize the
damage, if it occurred as we learned that sometimes the comet passes by. You cannot
avoid risks and impacts but you can reduce the damage they would have on your
community. The development meter also reminds us that having responsibility is
not limited to just avoiding or preparing for risky situations but it is also
important to develop your communities and build foundations. If we spent all
our time avoiding risks, then the community would not grow and the development
meter would not fill.If I were to make an addition to the game, I would add an
element that allows for opportunity, such as being able to spend resources on
innovation, which could improve the development of the community or could use
up resources and not yield intended results. This would help add the element
that managing risk can also allow for opportunities. 