6651280

1What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)?2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game?3The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live?1What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)?2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game?3The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live?1What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)?2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game?3The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live?1What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make  and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)?2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you  were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game?3The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management.  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which  allows you to change1. The role of the game was to teach risk management.Choices made: Between Insurance and infrastructurePreparation for risk: Risk management2. I would take more insurance since it is very important3. Changes: The game doesn't show how the money is calculated