6662208

The role of risk management in the game associates with coordinating the resource distribution between development (building and upgrading pods) and risk prevention (leveling up the base/insurance). The knowledge is not necessarily represented well in this game, given that the knowledge is always 1 or 0. I have to choose between protection and insurance because clearly having both protection and insurance will impede development severely. More specifically, insurance has a large upfront cost and gets more and more expensive with either increased game level or more upgraded pods (I cannot say for sure which is the cause). The insurance cost won't be too much of a problem for lower levels because the development is relatively easy speed up. However, for higher levels, the large upfront cost for insurance takes too much resources and impedes development significantly, especially higher level pods take longer to develop and therefore the cost in time is more pronounced. Additionally, although insurance covers a percentage of damage, it still needs time for repair and in the meantime, the development is slowed down.  Protection (leveling up the base) does not have upfront cost and can be adjusted to cope with the potential damage from the meteor. Although the aggregate cost for protection is higher that insurance, the protection can be used multiple times before it decreases significantly. Moreover, protection does not incur the damage repair process and won't affect the established development.My first strategy was to prioritize risk prevention. For any new appearing meteor, I would assess its potential damage and raise up the base to match the potential damage. In this way, I had enough time to cope with the meteor struck and basically had no damage from any struck. However, I had difficulty passing Level 3 using this strategy because I heavily invested in risk prevention so that the development speed does not meet the criteria. Then, I changed my strategy slightly and use insurance to cover the damage at lower levels, since the upfront cost at lower levels was acceptable, also the repair time for lower levels was short. At Level 2 and 3, I used my old strategy and deal with the risk with prevention. As I mentioned above, the knowledge function in this game was not clear. It seems like the knowledge of a meteor will change slightly during its trajectory. However, it would make more sense if over the whole period of time, the knowledge of the meteor increase and the potential damage and change of hit can be estimated more precisely. This would be closer to the reality that people learn to cope with a particular kind of risk more effecitively.   