6664676

The role of risk management in the game was effective in keeping the pods safe. Using the three components of risk management helped me to make some good and bad decisions about pod and island protection. The first component  Research is of paramount importance because it gave me the knowledge and information needed to protect the pods and the island. During the course of the game my first duty was to be sure that I had the necessary information about the comets. In some of the games I was very fortunate to have the comets miss the pods and the island. Most of the comets did land in the ocean without striking the island or the pods. With the information I obtained my main goal was to keep the flooding to a minimum by raising the island even though it was costly.The cost of raising the island was of little concern for me because the benefit outweighed the cost by keeping the flooding to a minimum and keeping the pods secure and keeping the residents of the island safe.So , The Power of Research in my opinion was of utmost importance in my decision making process.As I stated earlier, the components allowed me to make some good and bad decisions. The next component Protection allowed me to keep the pods and the island from flooding from the the power of the first component. I continued to protect the island by constantly keeping the island floor raised and using the information I  had at hand about the comets distance and understanding the severity  and impact if the island and pods were struck which leads to the third component of risk management, the power of insurance. Having insurance allowed the island to rebuild to thrive again. As long as I could keep the damage to a minimum by using the first two components of effective risk management (Research And Protection) I could make informed decisions about whether I needed insurance or not. My thrust was to keep insurance on the island at all times to lessen the severity and impact of rebuilding. I called on the community the government, the people and international donors to assist us in purchasing insurance in the market place. In closing I learned that one should not fear uncertainty as long as you have the tools to lessen the that fear.