6667147

Risk And Opportunity : Managing Risk For Development

Week 2, Game Reflection

The role of risk management in
the game, “Risk Horizon”, is to develop Alora whilst at the same time protecting
the land and its pods from falling comets. There are many forms of risk
management present in the game, such as insurance, research on the comets,
making as many connections as possible with the other pods, and so on.

In my case, I chose insurance as
the most vital form of risk management. At the beginning of every game, I
purchased insurance depending on how much money I had. For example, if I had
money to spare to build or upgrade pods, then I would purchase 50% insurance
coverage. However, if I did not have any spare money, I would purchase 33% insurance
coverage. Prevention is better than cure, they say.

Research on the comets also
proved vital to reducing damage to Alora. The more research was performed on
the comets, the lower the severity of the comets when they hit the waters of
Alora. Sometimes the chances of it hitting would also be reduced. However, at
times some comets would prove too fast to perform sufficient research on. In
this case, I would perform as much research as I could before it hit the water.
After it hit, I made as many connections as I could to spread the risk and
reduce damage. Research for the faster comets takes precedence over the slower
ones.

In this game, the more pods were
built and upgraded, the faster money was generated. High level pods in great
numbers would increase the connections made and the risk would be more spread
out, thus reducing damage. In the meantime, the height of the land also had to
be increased so as to reduce damage from the comets, but this slowed down the
development meter greatly. I was forced to favor the timer over increasing the
height of the land, and only after I had reached the level of development
required, I would increase the land height.

If I played the game only once, I
would optimise increasing the height of the land and making more connections.
This is because a higher land altitude would reduce damage from waves caused by
falling comets. An increased number of pods would increase the connections made
during the shocks and the risk would be more spread out. Thus, the damage
caused by the comets would also be reduced.

From an alternate perspective, if
I played the game more than once, in the next round, I balanced between
building and upgrading pods and increasing the land altitude. One of the main
things I learned from this game was that some form of risk management, however
small, had to be in place no matter what. For example, even the cheapest
insurance policy, a mere 33% coverage, could greatly reduce the strain of
repairing the pods.

I would propose developing and
constructing a barrier to further protect Alora from waves caused by falling
comets. Also, to quote an idea from “Armageddon”, we could also further develop
Alora’s technology to try to destroy the comets before they hit Alora.