6673078

It’s my essay about reflections from play risk horizon game at www.riskhorizon.org. for your info, I play that game several times. First time I ended up at level one. Second time and so on, I ended up at a higher level. The risk on the game is comets. Comets can destroy my pods. Every level has a meter that I must fill faster before the times run out. Build and upgrade pods can my meter fill faster, but the money is limited. The money will increase during the time, but sometime when I need money, the money is not enough. Also, the game has a very annoying things that can destroy my pods and make my meter decrease. So, I must have a strategy to win the game. The risk is a key factor that I can win this game. I must manage the risk. In my first try, I think I only must build and upgrade my pods, but comets hit me and destroy my pods and I must spend a lot of money to fix it and in the end I fail to fill the meter. Second time, I have an idea that I must build and upgrade my pods and increase the amount of protection. The damage decreased, but I still spend a lot of money to fix my pods. After several tried, I finally get a clear idea. First, I focus on build pods and increase my protection. If I saw a comet in the sky, I research the comet. I see severity and the chance of a hit. I must have knowledge of the risk that will come, I focus on the severity. If the severity is low and I can remove the damage with my protection, I increase the amount of my protection level. If the severity is high, I don't build or upgrade anything until my money can buy insurance. In the wait my money increase I do research of the comet because I can reduce the damage with make community connections. I almost don't care to level of chance of hit except the level is zero. If chance of hit is zero, I don't care to comet. But if the comet has the chance to hit, I assume that the comet will hit. It's my preparation for risk in opening game. In the middle game, I will have two possible conditions. I have protection level at level two – four or I have insurance. In the middle game, I focus on two aspects: complement vacancy of insurance or protection or increase the protection. I also build and upgrade my pods. And, I research comets in the sky. If comet have high-level of damage I will research for a long time, but if not, I only research quickly. In the end game, if the running time says that one minute game will end, I focus on fill my meter game that usually a little bit again.With my strategy, I can cope the risk. If the hit of comet makes damage I can fix it with less money because of insurance. With knowledge the risk, protection my assets and insurance, I can coping decrease the losses from risk. If I can change or add some things to the game that can represent the risk management choices that matter in my place, I think I will change the way to get money. Money can get from the pods, does not appear out of nowhere.