6676108

The role of risk management in the game Risk Horizon was
to protect the community from the risk of comet shocks, which could result in
damage to infrastructure. Managing the
risk of comets through the use of research, insurance and protection allowed
the community to take informed action to protect infrastructure and hasten
recovery. 

However risk-management measures use
resources, such as time and money that could otherwise be used for development.
 Therefore risk preparation can slow
development initially. However it increases development in the long term by
making communities more resilient and hastening recovery. Trade-offs have to be
made between risk management and development. By gaining research on the severity
and probability of comet shocks a community can match the necessary level of
protection and/or insurance to the probability of risk.

On my first attempt at Risk Horizon, I
spent my resources on development and insurance. On my second attempt I better
prepared myself for risk by carrying out more research and investing in
protection rather than insurance. This allowed me to match protection with the
severity of the comet shocks. Protection slowed development initially but it had
increased investment return in the long-term, as protection carried into the
next levels of the game.

Risk Horizon illustrates the principles of
risk management, reflecting the real world obstacles to risk management such as
knowledge, financing and behaviour biases. It demonstrates the importance of
collecting data about risk to make informed decisions and exemplifies the
challenges financing can play on risk management. Risk Horizon demonstrates
that even small investments in risk management will greatly increase
development in the long term, and demonstrates the necessity of investing in
risk management even when finances are minimal. 
Risk Horizon also demonstrates behavioral biases, such as how easy it
can be to underestimate risks. This illustrates the importance of Governments
providing well-researched and planned risk management as well as providing incentives
and education to the public about the benefits of individual risk management.

 Risk Horizon illustrates elements of risk
management however in the real world communities often face risks from more
than one source.  To better reflect the
challenges of risk management a new version of Risk Horizon could include risks
from multiple sources. For example including a health risk such as a pandemic.
Measures would have to be taken to protect against comets whilst also investing
in public health services to protect against pandemics. This would reflect the
real world challenges faced from spreading communities limited resources across
multiple sectors. 