6677749

To do well in the game we
need to:think strategicallymaintain a balance between preparing for risk and investing in developing our podsamount spent on the development of pods by building and upgrading podsprotecting your pods by raising the level of your communitypreparation for risk by purchasing insuranceresearching the probability and severity of comets coming towards the community across the horizon; and also think about the different
tools we have at our disposal.There are two main choices
we have to make when playing the game:1.How much money to be spent on development by building and upgrading pods: These pods generate growth
that contributes to the speed of your development meter on the left hand side.

2.How much money to be spent on preparation for risk by purchasing insurance, protecting pods by raising the level of community, or researching the probability and severity of
comets coming towards the community: When we spent more
time researching we also give ourselves more time to boost our protection by
building community protection when a comet hits.The balance between risk
preparation and developing your community is difficult to reach. If we spend
too much on building and upgrading pods, we'll be exposed to comets when
they hit. When we sustain damage from comets our progress bar on the left is
decreased. On the other hand, if we spend too much on preparation for risk,
you will not have enough money to develop your community sufficiently to pass
the level.This is a balance policy makers have to
consider all the time. They have limited resources, so there is a tension
between spending up front on risk management (for shocks that may hit in the
future, but may not hit) or to spend on other development priorities. That is
how they should spend their money. When I first played this game I put too much importance on
insurance, and could not easily headway past level 2. Then I realized it is not
enough to rely on insurance after the fact, we also need to invest heavily in
protection. Concentrate on research
and make sure our protection level is at least equal to severity level of next
comet to hit those pods. Be warned not to be afraid of a comet hitting as far
as your protection level is rightly set, if we are hit be very fast in
clicking those green glowing thing on those pods until they disappear. Never go
for insurance until you have some imminent threats.My strategy after learning from the tutorial was
committing all my resources to building and upgrading as many pods as I can and
start spending more on insurance when comets start showing up. I think
everybody does it differently, but I think the point here is that during
periods of peace, we have to upgrade and develop as much as possible. Look at what happened in Japan. They had good economy but
despite that, they were struck by natural disaster that devastated them. If  proper risk management were in place, the effect or
damages would have been minimal. Our aim is to build
a long lasting Alora community, . but our primary concern here is the comet
that threaten our development. So build as many as possible but whenever you
sense a comet coming spend time to research it and also dont forget to match
the comet severity with your level of protection. I really enjoyed the game and I think it has a lot of real-world applications, whether on an individual basis or on a nation state.