6697875

Role of risk management in the game was diverse. You could use multiple options or services to develop the community and you have to connect them. But simply developing the community without properly insurimg against risks and protecting against harms was pointless because the amount of damage can be so huge that it wouldn't be controlled by simply rebuilding the community.The choices I had to take were many. First of all it is good to note that resources availble were very limited. So a balance between different trade-offs was very important. Focusing mainly on just one of them would not be enough ot in fact would always lead to failure. Regarding knowledge it was very important because searching for a high risk commit was always more benefecial than researching a lower risk one on the longer term given that only one could be researched at a time. Alao knowledge helped a lot regarding ignoring some commits or increase protection or insurance before very high risk ones. Protection was very important and without it some commits would totally destroy what was built earlier. It was best to use proection after proper development was done especially it reduces speed of developing the community. Insurance was vital for post damage recovery. It helped saving a lot of money and at different levels different insurance policies were used.I played the game several times and it was kind of addictive. In the first few times my main goal was to focus on one thing over others. At the end I realized this was not very smart strategy and different policies should be done parallel to each other. For example, using the insurance was very useful along with protection. The loss was very low that recovery would cost way less money. But if this came at the cost of compromising development then it would be a loss because the time factor is a very hard factor to overcome. Paying attention to which type of commit was coming helped a lot in investing in protection or insurance. The riskier the commit the more protection and insurance were useful. It was also noted that you can not research 2 or more commits at the same time. Only one was to be researched at a time and most of the time more than one commit are on the way to hit. Choosing the right commit was very important to decrease risk and cease opportunities. Also protection can not be increased at the same time as research. I usually increased it during the coming of very mild or low risk commits because they did not need as much research to overcome. Still the choice of how to spend the money was not an easy one all along.It should be kept in mind that time itself is a resource that should be treated with care as much as money. Choosing to spend time increasing protection rather than development would slow it down to dangerous levels sometimes. Balance was required at every stage.I learnt that I should pay more attention to detail and be prepared regarding keeping some resources on the side but still not too much because they can be useful with other policies or development.One thing I did not like about the game was the waiting time after damage it was boring and I think it should be canceled. I also would encourage faster use of protection as it was very annoying when development slowed down for protection which to me did not seem like something I could relate with daily life of risk management. If this was an option it would have helped a lot especially protection increase was sometimes not the same on 2 different laptops I used.Other than that it was very interesting and fun game. I would recommend it.