6698119

The role of risk management
in the game was to ultimately ensure protection of your pods from a natural and
unavoidable calamity, namely an asteroid strike to the planet. My choices were
based around how much of my time and financial resources were devoted to study
of particular asteroids, versus my skills and speed of building the pod
structures (technology) and what I felt I needed to spend to insure the
structures against damage. I initially sought to build as many of the simple
pods as possible to spread the risk of damage across a wider area. Thereafter I
conducted more research. Once the initial damage occurred I bought insurance
and strengthened the build levels (quality) of the structures. Followed on by
more research.Preparing for risk did affect the development as it slowed down the rates of building, but as the old saying goes, proper planning prevents poor performance. Gaining knowledge and being able to predict in some way which asteroids I needed to be concerned about, allowed me to stop and purchase insurance at an appropriate level for the percentage estimate of a strike.

For sure, the more time
spent researching the asteroids meant that less money and time could be devoted
to construction. This was determined to be a high risk strategy, basically
pooling majority of effort and resources into one area. Conversely, only
concentrating on construction and neglecting research would also have been high
risk. Trying to find a middle ground where a fair amount of time and money were
spent on all factors seemed to mitigate the losses.

I played the game only once
and really did hedge my bets so to speak. I flitted between periods of research,
periods of construction and when I saw asteroids with little research done on
them, I bought up insurance quickly to cover these eventualities.

The one change I would make
would be to add a level of population to the pods and give the player the ability
to change the scale of population at each pod centre. Thereby creating areas of
high, medium and low density pods.