6708912

I played the game immedieatly as we gained access, and then kept on playing. I read the instructions, but it didn't make any sense to me what happened after a meteor hit. I tried to "click and drag" but it didn't seem to work. So as I didn't reach far I kept on trying different tactics. In the beginning I relied heavily on insurance, which was very costly and at many times not effective. I then tried using protection, which did work a bit better but still drained my resources meaning I never really reached that far in the levels. Usually I ran out of time at level 3 at this point.So I felt pretty much like giving up. I'm usually quite fast at undestanding and making the right strategic choices and hence then win the game. This didn't work! But then I found myself bored at work where a lot of pages are blocked (american owned company, lol), but this game wasn't! And since I could pause it for work it was a perfect fit. So I played. And played. And re-read the instrucions. And then all the sudden I found the solution. There wasn't any dragging involved in what happened after the meteor hit. There was just clickling. My instructions were lying! I quickly gained ground and made it to level 6 between working. Finally I'd found the key to the game! It was all about making research, preparing for them individually and collecting protection according to the level of development.This was about two weeks ago and now that I've had some time to reflect around it I've come to the conclusion that one thing is crucial to success; experience. You may have knowledge, protection and insurance but this doesn't help if you don't have enough experience to actually apply them.Insurance is too costly to be effective in the long run, and should only be used in emergencies when nothing else is available. Protection is great, but will take time to build up unless you're willing to sacrifice all other development for it at once, which I don't see any government being able to pull off. When one is not yet so developed one may very well have much more time do dedicate to reasearching for knowledge.  However it's not easy to know what to do with the results unless someone who has had this experience before will provide instructions or other to help do apply the information gained. As one is more developed one really doesn't have as much time too research as time will be spent upgrading and repairing what one already has, in this case protection is really much useful.This game has thus made me more sure that what development needs to be realised isn't resources, but management of knowledge and to some extent of resources as well. Teaching the rest of the world what some countries already know is crucial. Knowledgement is power, and is unlike actual resources non-rivalrous. Hence we should all gain from a mutual sharing of this..As a Swede I live in a very protected envorinmen, not only due to us being prosperous but also due to the fact that we don't suffer many natural disasters. Our biggest challenge is to meet the needs of our citizens who when travelng or residing abroad encounters war, natural disasters and other shocks. As we saw in the 2004 Thailand tsunami we have a big challende ahead here and also to take on greater responsibility of helping not only through monetary aid, but knowledge aid.