6729039

What was the role of risk management in the game? The role of risk management in the game was to teach how to use assets such as knowledge, insurance and protection to build a healthy development. What choices did you make? I used all the assets that were available. I did some research to learn about the strength of the comets when they strike; I protected the development against the comets, and most importantly I insured the development against the disaster the comets could cause. What trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,  and insurance? In term of trade-offs, I noticed that I  had to make a hard choice between upgrading the development and spending money on assets such as insurance, research and protection. I finally had to spent a lot of money not only to have a better insurance, but also to make sure that I had a better protection against the comets. I ended up not upgrading the development because I had invested almost all the money on insurance and protection of the development that I had acquired already.  In what ways did preparation for risk affect development  (immediately, or after some time)? Preparation affected development in a way that I knew ahead which comets could really destroy the development, and I also knew what could be the impact of each comet on the development. Knowing all that helped me select my insurance premium, and it also helped me focus more on investing on the development instead of spending the money on protection. If you played the game more than  once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the  main things you learned from the game? When I played the game for the first time, I did not do any research at all. I wasn't then able to be well-prepared to face the impact of the implosion of the comets. For that reason, I misused my funds on buying a high insurance premium to protect the development against an imagery hit. When I noticed that I could study the comets and understand their strength and the probability of their destructive impact, I mainly focused on the research during the following games. The main thing I learned from the game is that one should always know his environment by doing some research, and once he knows his environment, he should make sure to take appropriate measure to protect his asset against eventual harm. The most important thing I learn is that insurance should always be part of our daily activity because it will help lower the cost of repair, and in some case the insurance may even pick up all the repair.  What change would you  propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in  the place you live?   In this scenario, I will first of all show the consequences of unpreparedness, the consequences of the lack of insurance. Once I depict that, I will then educate people on the importance of insurance. Most importantly, I will ask people to invest a lot in research so that they understand what actions they should take in order to reduce the chances of lost in their activities.   