6731841

What was the role of
risk management in the game? 

1.      
The role of risk management in the game is as a
determinant of the allocation of resources, e.g. time and money

2.      
It also determines how long the colony exists! In
the game, risk management is very key to how much development continues in the colony.


3.      
Where risks management is poorly done, not fully
assessed and prepared for, all investments of time and resources go to waste. 

4.      
Risk management also underscores the importance
of insurance when investing in development.

What choices did you
make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,
and insurance? 

1.      
Firstly I had to trade off the speed/rate of development
by allocating large funds to high quality (i.e. expensive) insurance, leaving
less funds for the construction of pods. This means that pods were more
resistant to meteors, even though the pods were not upgraded as quickly as one
would have preferred. 

2.      
Second, I also focused more resources on
upgrading already existing pods as these were more resistant to mentors when
compared with newer pods. In effect, these kept my investments around for much
longer, especially as meteor attacks became more frequent.

In what ways did
preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

1.      
Preparation for risk made developments stronger
and longer lasting. 

2.      
It also preserved/secured the investments made
in the growth of the colony.

3.      
Preparation for risk management created more
time to create other pods (Investments)

Alternatively, if you
played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first
time? 

1.      
After the first time, I bought the highest grade
of insurance before I started constructing the colony

2.      
I also increased more focused on the upgrading
of already existing colonies over creating new ones

3.      
Mentally, I kept looking to the sky, eager to
start researching a meteor as soon as it appeared!

What were the main
things you learned from the game?

1.      
Risks management is important. Don’t wait for
disaster/loss to remind you.

2.      
There are tradeoffs that only the leader can understand,
due to his/her perspective on things

3.      
Timing is also important in development,
research and allocation of funds for insurance

The game captures, in
a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one
simple thing. 

I would make the sky bigger as this would give more time for
research that would lead to the avoidance of disaster!

What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

I would propose the allocation of more funding to research
and disaster prevention and management. This would include historical
disasters, potential mishaps and possible strategies.Thanks for your time!