6734798

In this interesting game, the role of Risk Management was to assure development of a community. For this we had to create pods that we needed to protect. Then we created pods and each one helped us to increase the level or rate of development in the community. This game was useful for us a lot as it helped us to make into practice the lessons we learnt from video lectures as well as materials we download for the course such as reports and other resources. The games consist of a community that is always victim of comets as its main risk. And these commets can fall into the water and cause many chocks to the community. eg it can affect their health. To manage this risk so that it can not cause much desasters, we needed to three powerful tools, Researches, Protection and insurance. And these tools require related expenses. If we invest in research and cover the insurance, it was possible to decrease the risk the the pods to be destroyed. So we had to play around this. Also the insurance prices was not the same. Sometime, it could go under 200$ or up to 200$. Then we needed to play around so that we could assure the community health with less cost as possible. And we had to assure good quality of research and invest in this so that we could decrease the effect of these comets even avoid them to reach the water and cause damages to the community. As when a comet or comets, when they appear they cause wave and can go and fall into the water, we had to heat them or it and did mechanisms so that it can cause the damage to the community. Sometime it was successful and in some cases no. Our goal was to protect the community to avoid these damages for the community or to reduce the rate of their effects. And as these comets caused damage, we needed to repair them. This was with the goal of protecting the community. So the game was an interesting exercise for us.  Our goal was to increase the level of protection so that we could save the pods from damage. All these for protecting the community and assure its development. Using these three powerful tools : Researches, Protection and Insurance, we help to create a health community and luminator legacy. I played the game twice. Then I noticed that the second time, it was easier for me to manage the risk than the first time. So I discover that to manage risk requires also experience. And I was very proud to manage the risk successfully and help to solve community health problems.Regarding the third point of the assessment, I first precise that I leave in the eastern par of the Democratic Republic of Congo and especially in Bukavu city. One of the risk that this city faces is the earthquake. This risk causes much damages when it appears as houses are not consequently built. Normally, to protect population the state could reinforce law regarding to house building, taking into account this risk that the city faces. Also, the other big problem is that Researchers are not interested in this domain as it require much financial means. Then an international cooperation, DRC and developed countries or DRC and international NGO,  in that way could be necessary. Also, insurance companies should be also for more importance. 