6760092

What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The game required the player to identify risk and evaluate them in order to protect their environment. The risks were the result of the comet hitting the land/water and causing waves which produced flooding. I worked through the tutorial a few times before
starting the game, fearing that the game would be played out much faster than in the tutorial, but this was not the case. The key trade-offs were between money and security. When I initially played the game, I either did not focus on insurance or undervalued
the cost of insurance relative the potential damage caused by the comets hitting the land. After a few iterations, it was clear that it was considerably more beneficial to buy a large amount of insurance and interesting, the game seemed to be played faster
at that point. Also using the lever to raise the island – another means of disaster mitigation was very effective and even though there was a cost associated with this intervention, I seemed to recover wealth very quickly. The least effective decision
was simply to build pods and to ignore the comets. 

If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game? 

As stated above, after playing the game a couple of times, I realised just how important insurance was to protect the pods and recover from the damage caused by the comets. I initially underestimated the risk the comets posed and was surprised about how damage might vary – in some cases it was over 70 per cent, then it fell to some 25 per cent and in some cases the damage was zero; again depending on the level of insurance purchased and the degree to which I have elevated the island. 

The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? If I were to play the game again, I might suggest introducing some other threats so the players need to choose between more types of intervention. In this instance, the trade off was calculated in terms of financial cost. There was no attempt to introduce other costs e.g. if one had to choose between paying for education, health care etc. or disaster insurance. I live in a developed country (UK) where there is considerable risk of flooding and in fact there was extensive flood damage earlier this year. The Thames Barrier is one example of a costly but effective intervention.