6761291

It was difficult to win the game. I thought I had managed a good level of understanding of the various moving pieces in the game. I understand how research, insurance and preparedness affect the damage and the costs. I did create most of the pods away from the water body and believed in upgrading as soon as possible. Having insurance is surely a good plan especially when the game has comets flying in all the time. Upgraded pods/Insurance/research- all point to better preparedness. i spent a lot of time monitoring after purchasing all safeguards as soon as possible. After monitoring the comet, I used the slider to raise the level based on the severity of the hit. Having insurance helped in repair  costs which was a god thing. Also, upgraded pods had lesser damage. The time constraint adds a unique difficulty which models the real world when quick actions are required. Research reduces the effects of the comets and its severity. But in the game its difficult to move the to safe green meter in the time given. I have managed it only once in several attempts.  My game code is entered below.RXHvGPk Learning from the game gave indications to the real world where exposure to risks can be managed but costs money and resources. In the game, my resource of constant monitoring. Also, all attempts to create safeguards is not an easy task as it costs money. In the game, all I had to focus on was  managing the risks but in the real world, all costs are driven by day to day living costs. In developing countries, focus in safeguards clearly is hampered due to shortage of cash and the knowledge. Just like I did not do well in the game with having all the resources at my disposal, clearly thought out winning strategy is required in the real world. Without a good risk management strategy, all resources at human disposal will not result in effective risk management. Most places are often hit with flash flooding which can lead to sudden destruction allowing for little time to react and prepare. I will add the ability to add shelters which allow for quick reaction to save human life. Also include the ability for these shelters to respond to a crisis with quick evacuation.