676568

Risk management entailed devising and implementing strategies to foresee, prepare for, reduce extent and depth, face and finally support recovery from the continual threats coming from comets potentially impacting the earth.

Over time, if on one hand building  and developing community protection infrastructures was instrumental to safeguard the community against the consequences of an impact, it became  quckly relevant and somewhat easily approachable the opportunity to take an insurancr in order to smooth away the economic implications of the rebuilding effort after the damages caused by a comet's impact.

It was dealt with through the resources or wealth available which first were devoted respectively to development and building, insurance and rebuilding.

Meanwhile, it became of paramount importance to invest in comet's research and then, building on the advantages coming from that kmowledge, being capable to build up and mobilize for support the network across the community in order to effectively face the  aftermarh of a comet's impact.

While observing the horizon to identify the the recurrent threats and prioritizing strategically on allocation of resources and actions, speed and sense of urgency were absolutely necessary in order to succeed in enabling the community's survival.

Preparing for risk allowed to minimize the negative consequences of the eventual impact, favouring a reduction of the extension and depth of damages, in turn reducing the absorption of resources which were then available for immediate reconstruction and further development.

After the initial exloration attempts, besides development and building, insurance and overall protection, comet's' prolonged obervations and connections building were together with speed the key to significantly advance in the game.

The game enabled to learn how choices regarding resources allocation in space and time and actions prioritization and the relative speed of implementation are impacting the management of risks associated with dangerous events in complex large scale conditions.

It goes as a consequence underlining the importance of type and level of the resources available, e.g. technology for fact finding such as sizing up the potential impact of a comet and the relative consequences, and making available interconnected structures to support the aftermarh of destructive events.

The game might benefit from expanding ite geographical scope, adding continents and eventually countries, and introduce a political dimension or variabile, a measure of the level of trust and solidarity wich would contribute to depth and breadth as well as effectiveness of the interventions in preserving the health and its population.