67661

1) What
 was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?The role of risk management in the game was to
identify and lessen problems encountered when trying to build a
community of houses. 

The choices I made were to use all of the three
forms of risk management sparingly but not focus on one in
particular. For example I would take some (but not the full)
insurance, protect by raising the island a few bars and spend a
little time researching each comet. I adapted the strategy slightly
for each level so in later levels I would buy more expensive
insurance if the likelihood and severity of a comet hit were both
high. 

For me, preparation for risk affected development
because I would often wait to see if a comet hit before deciding
whether to build a new house. There was no point starting to build a
house only to see it damaged 5 seconds later.2) If
 you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you 
were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I played the game more than once. 
	
	I tried different strategies – at first I
bought a lot of insurance and spent all remaining money on building
new houses. Then I started to use each form of risk management more
selectively. The threat changed slightly on each level of the game so
I built new houses at earlier levels and only bought insurance at
higher game stages. 

If I played the game again I would but more
island-raising protection on the earlier stages of the game and use
insurance only on later levels.
The main things I leant from the game: I learnt
that risk management strategies change and evolve over time, often in
response to a change in the threats faced. You must strike a balance
between progress (e.g. building new houses) and protection but
placing too much emphasis on either or these would be a mistake. For
example, you cannot have 100% protection if you then have no money to
build houses. Also spending all money on houses without any
protection would also be counter-productive.

3) The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?For an enhanced new version of the game I would
add a new threat to the construction. For example, as well as the
comet threat, part of the land may become contaminated after a flood
and cannot be built upon for a few minutes, or perhaps there are
occasional earthquakes. The player could have the option of building
the houses earthquake-resistance but at an additional cost.