6769131

1) Role: to stay vigilant against risks via research, to
protect and insure against risk and to share resources in case of a disaster.

Choices: to build and enhance communities, to insure against
risks, to research comets so that we can buy time for resource allocation when
disaster strikes and to protect communities by raising the floor whenever I got
the chance.

Tradeoffs: first of all, I always bought insurance; better
to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. Due to limited finances
and timing, I mostly traded protection for knowledge. Indeed we see this in
real life as well, where poorer communities that can’t afford adequate protection
try to survive by sharing resources. This is what I did in the game when face
with the choice of choosing between knowledge, protection and insurance. Preparing
for risk, in immediate effect, reduces funding for development, however in has
long term benefits since later on, there is less severity that affects in case
of disaster or less repair costs if insured and even more resource sharing time
when adequate research is performed.

2) I played the game several times. In a risk management game, I
ironically had to take risks to identify which combination of research,
protection and insurance gave the maximum protection. After the first time, I tried
to see which type of protection (research, protection, and insurance) most
shielded my community from disaster. I found out that research was the most
effective method because it allowed the time and opportunity to share resources
and a chance to save communities. I also discovered to always get insured as it
is really a cost-saver and that in order to reach the next level faster, I have
to develop more communities and enhance protection to keep the level of
severity down.

3) Changes that I would propose to better represent risk
management choices that matter in the place I live would include options such
as increasing law enforcement in some way e.g. more police or better training,
better technology as crime is a problem where I live. I would also include
options dealing with risks such as terrorism in my area such as better
counter-terrorism measures, better intelligence and long term planning such as
better education for the populace. Other risk management areas would include
managing against floods, drought, and earthquakes e.g. dams, barriers, better
earth-proof construction options, grain stocking and food imports in times of shortage. Other risk
management areas that I would include would cover corruption by giving an
option to give a system of checks and balances and oversight between the various polities as this risk is also severe in the place where I live and funds are not allocated properly, public property is usurped and offenders are allowed to go scot-free without recovery of the stolen public money.