6773543

1) The role of risk management in the game was to find a balance between development and protecting the community you are trying to develop. I initially focused on raising the island and building at the expense of insurance, but found that if I concentrate too much on one aspect, I failed the game. Preparing for risk by buying insurance cost money, but after some time it helped with rebuilding costs, which would have set back my development by a lot if I did not have any (i.e. coping was a lot more difficult without insurance).2) I played the game more than once, many times more, but I did not get past level 3. At first I did not even know I had to build houses (pods) and only figured that out after a while. Then I concentrated on mainly just one aspect (raising the island) until I figured out it had to be a complementary approach (insurance and knowledge). I do not think one can be very successful at this game on the first attempt, I think it takes experience to be able to effectively manage the risk and the opportunity. This relates back to what we learned on the course that past shocks can help you prevent for future shocks. That is the main thing I learned from this game, that you need to find a right balance and not over invest in one category (and as a result under invest in another category), and that learning from past events is a critical tool to be able to effectively manage future scenarios. Knowledge therefore is the key.3) I would add some sort of regional or international aspect to the game. The community is very much in isolation, but natural disasters often cross borders, so it makes sense if a common approach can be used, and also pooling of resources and expertise. The international community can also help, so perhaps some sort of diplomatic aspect could be added. For example, who do you turn to for help? Your neighbouring countries? The UN ? An international organisation like the red cross which may have experience with this sort of event and is therefore in a good position to advise your coordinating personnel? To which option you turn could be determined by the scale of the event for example - and you would have to ask yourself "which of these options is best placed to act in this specific situation?". As climate change will most likely produce more severe weather events if the experts are to be believed (flood, droughts, hurricanes etc) and these are issues which are global in nature, it would perhaps be good to incorporate and practice that element of risk management as in an interconnected world it will become more and more relevant.