6777916

1. The main
role of the risk management in the game was to build resilience to mitigate
loss from the adverse shocks (i.e rise of sea level by strike of comets and
 meteoroids) and to achieve prosperity by constructing advance and
upgraded pod with adequate safety level. Also upgrading knowledge , linking
between communities to share resources whenever required and insuring pods
from damage by adopting appropriate insurance policy are the role of risk
management in the game.In the game I chose to
build few pods at the first , insure them against the possible damage by taking
appropriate insurance policy, upgrade the existing pods and slowly constructing
new pods. Also I chose  to research on the possible shocks to adopt
adequate safety level and to determine the possibility and severity of the
shocks. How ever all these choice cost money. 
           But
also as we develop our knowledge about shocks we knew about the safety level
required to protect the pods from the damage and if the severity of the shock
was to be high as per research appropriate insurance policy was taken to lessen
the cost of improvement. For the risk affect development linking
with other communities were made in order to share resources among themselves.
Also the damaged pods were immediately improved in order to meet the
development level requirement.   2. I have played the game several times. At first I constructed many pods with the available funds. This
leads the lack of fund for insurance of the pods , research of the shocks and
upgrading the pods. This leads to heavy damage of the pods after the shock hit.             
 However on the next attempt  i constructed
 few pods at the first , insured them against the possible damage by
taking appropriate insurance policy, upgraded the existing pods and slowly
constructed the  new pods. Also I chose  to research on the possible
shocks to adopt adequate safety level and to determine the possibility and severity
of the shocks. After the hit i tried to link with as many communities as
possible to share the resources among each other to reduce the severity of the
hit. 
   The main lessons I
got to know from this game are:
1. Knowledge : Always update your knowledge
about the possible shocks your environment is exposed to.
2. Produce resilience to mitigate loss from the
adverse shocks.
3. Insurance: Insure yourself from the possible
damages that can arise from the shocks.
4. Sharing risk with other communities can help
to cope up with the adverse effect of the shocks faster.
3. In my opinion the game covers all the aspect
of the risk management like gaining knowledge about the shocks, preparing for
the shocks ( i.e raising sand level.) , insuring for the possible damage and in
case of the hit linking with other communities to share the risk . Hence from
my side i think the game is complete in itself and does not requires any
further addition.Thank you... :) 