678182

First of all, please allow me to thank the training team for selecting a very fascinating game on risk choices and management. I played it several times before I really developed an understanding of how it works and therein laid my first set of lessons in risk management; I learned much more about the risk management process by repeatedly doing the exercises over again and in doing so I was much more careful and selective in my choices and trade-offs. Essentially, the game is about managing risk and weighting options in the development of a community that was vulnerable to a particular set of shocks, namely; the impact and domino effects of falling comets on a coastal community prone to flooding and other disasters. Initially, my approach to the game was somewhat erratic. I was building structures in an ad-hoc manner and not paying enough attention to the severity and 'chances of a hit' levels of the comets. Consequently, I was wasting money on buying additional insurance when this money could have been used on expanding building construction or strengthening existing buildings. Another example of this erratic approach was seen in my efforts to repair all of the damaged buildings in the immediate aftermath of a serious comet which often resulted in the severe depletion of resources leading to the failure to reach the next level. After a few tries, My approach was much more systematic. First, I understood that the community became much more resilient to the shocks if efforts were made to spread the development of buildings more evenly and then to systematically strengthen them. Parallel with this effort, had to be the purchase of the right level of insurance (often based on the severity and chances of impact of the incoming comet) and a sound knowledge of the position, speed, severity and the 'level of the odds of hitting' of every comet on the horizon. Developing the right balance and investment of resources in these factors made the difference between getting pass levels 1 and 2 and achieving at least level 4. I found that the further I progressed, the more complex the choices became: the comets were coming faster and with greater severity, the cost of insurance was higher as was the cost of developing and repairing buildings. Two key lessons learned were:Insurance investments were far more effective if done at the right level when the severe comets (danger) was first discerned. It made very little difference if insurance was taken out as the comets were about to hit. You are better off trying to mobilize and strengthen the community defenses when the comets are about to strike. Over-reaching the community's efforts and resources to offset the impact of the effects of the comets also left you vulnerable. This latter factor was a hard lesson for me as I found it hard to understand why my best efforts at defending the community failed. One key difficulty posed by the game in its current format, is that you are never quite sure whether you have the right level of insurance coverage for the level of risk exposure. My suggestion for any new version of the game would be to include some indication of the proposed current level of risk alongside the level of insurance coverage. In this way, one would be in better position to make better choices at the higher levels; such as, do I need to secure more insurance; raise the level of protection; invest in building construction or simply gather more information on comet activities; or a combination of these approaches. 