6785768

Essay

Playing this particular game allows us to
reflect about risk management. There is several ways to prepare to future
problems, in the game, asteroids, in real life, it can be different types of
crisis, and the simplest example is an environmental crisis. If the inhabitants
of a specific area are vulnerable of suffering certain types of disasters, for
example floods due to tropical storms. There are several ways to prepare, like
taking insurance, gathering knowledge and raising your protection.

The game teaches us how to combine the different
types of preparations in a very simple way. You can not only raise your
protection because if the severity of the asteroid that hits is high, the
effect will be harsh. Is the same in real life, if in my country (El Salvador),
people always build a barrier to avoid floods in the city’s vulnerable
neighborhoods, there will still be the risk that the barrier will not resist,
but if before building the barrier, you check your data to have an estimation
of the amount of precipitation during the incoming storm, you can prepare
yourself better. 

It is very clear how knowledge is indispensable
to take action, but it is not enough. The risks of being exposed to a crisis are
too high not to have a plan to cope with the effects. In the game, you could
buy an insurance which helped with the cost of reparations. When people’s welfare
is at stake, protection is not enough, because once the shock has passed, it is
necessary to have a plan so the people can bounce back, or they will not be
able to overcome the problem. 

I only played this game once, but what I would
do different is being more strategic with the way I invested. I bought the most
expensive insurance, which was very helpful, and I raised the protection level,
but both of those choices were very expensive. The problem was that I could not
develop in time, because I did not have the money to repair and upgrade. What I
think I did wrong was that I did not analyze the data of each asteroid, which
is fundamental when making decisions about risk management.

I do not think that it is necessary to make a
change in the game. It presents how difficult it is to choose the right way to
prepare for a crisis, especially since resources are limited. I understand how
data is important to decide what type of insurance is necessary, how much you
can invest and what type of protection you need.

Javier Orellana