6786933

Reflections from the Risk Horizon game1. We need to apply risk management to win the game. To reach the game target (milestones), we need to deal with research about the comets (knowledge), protection level and insurance choice, all of them will be based on time and money (resources) as well as your skills on playing the game (stay focus, making decisions, prioritize,...). My choices are focus on the comets first as I need to gain the knowledge and evaluate the risk, then I prepare the protection and the next one will be the insurance choice. If the coming severity and chance of hit are high and I have many pods, I will choose the highest insurance choice. The preparation for risk effects development immediately as I can see the development bar is going up and recover quickly if risk happens (with less resources for recovery). 2. If I played the game only once, what I would do differently if I play it again are: assess the risks with more knowledge and make the protection more appropriate based on time and money (resources), the actions and decisions making based on knowledge (comets information and research level) will be more effective for resources, development and recovery. The main things I learned from the game are: knowledge is the most important for risk management, balance risk preparation and healthy development with available resources, the risk is uncertainty and our knowledge is limited so there are obstacles to do risk management. 3. For a new version of the game, I would suggest to add a tool (or a power) to coping with risk. It will be based on the research and protection and will also need resources to build up (cost money and time). The player could build risk coping strategies to eliminate damage from the comets (ie player can build the rockets to shoot the comets). I think the player will be more actively to coping with the risks, not just preparation and reduce losses of the risks, the player can prevent the risks happen. In my opinion, the risk is like a problem (maybe happening or not), so if we have solution for it (ie backup plan, plan A, plan B,...), we are also doing risk management.