680195

1

There are plenty of shocks and
uncertainties. Every time you play, you gain better knowledge of the
uncertainties. But you cannot be 100% sure of the situation. These shocks, like
earthquake or flood, are not easy to predict but they come with a certain pattern.
So, to protect further damages or unexpected loss, the community must buy
insurance to prevent losses. 

Experienced shocks and uncertainties
don’t guarantee the right prediction next time. Partly because there are always
new risk elements, like climate change or global warming, creating more uncertainties.
These new risk factors affect the weather or harvesting time or creating new
and more serious flood. At the same time, when you play the game, you sometime
forget the risk and suddenly the shocks appear. Even we know the risk we just
forget to buy insurance.    

There is a trade-off. You need
200 to invest for a new well but you need also to upgrade and buy insurance.
There are limited funds, even though it may increase (through taxation or
revenue), you can either use the extra fund to buy suitable insurance policies
(one of three depending on your objectives) or upgrade or new investment. 

Furthermore, there is a time
limit too.

2

I play several times. First
with only 2 investments, then I try 4 or 5 investments, each time the
experience is different. Nevertheless, I need to adjust between new knowledge,
protection and insurance with the limited time and fund. Very often,
opportunities are lost due to insufficient fund or time. Every time, I have to
take the risk against return of new investment, or consider a suitable insurance.
Even with past or acquired knowledge of the ‘misses, shocks and new investment opportunities’,
there is no guarantee I will make the right prediction. There is always a ‘changing’
risk. Of course, there is always a gain if I protect myself with insurance
coverage and learned experience.  

3

If I can make one small change,
I would increase the insurance options from three to five. Shocks are
unpredictable and so do the damages. But we may not have sufficient fund to buy
the minimum package of 33% coverage. I face this problem. I need to wait for the
fund to grow but I don’t have fund to buy the minimum coverage and so I have to
wait and the ‘game’ time lost.   

One of the five options can be
20% coverage. When we look at the insurance industry, there are many packages
and some even custom made for poor families, for example in India or Africa. 20%
coverage with small insurance premium can help a poor community to overcome
difficulties. A small insurance coverage is certainly better than no insurance coverage.
World Bank’s experience in developing countries has proved that insurance does
make a difference for these developing countries, for their farmers or factory
owners.    

