680281


Reflections
from the Risk Horizon game
1.1
What was the role of risk management in the game?

The role of Risk
Management in the game was to teach that the managers or
administrators should care about (1) the development, according to
the money available; (2) be well informed about the pitfalls; (3)
whether any threat hit us, buy a good insurance; (4) but also get
protection to deter the dangers.

1.2
What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in
terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?

Regarding
the balance between knowledge protection and secure that I used in
the game, I gave priority to the development, building new stations
(pods) and establishing the relationship between them. Then, I bought
the best insurance protection and I also acquired protection.

1.3
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development
(immediately, or after some time)?

Preparation
for risk affect development after some time.

2.1
If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if
you were to play it again?

I
played only once. Although the game was running slow on my machine, I
would act the same, giving priority to development, but looking more
carefully how the dangers appear.

2.2
What were the main things you learned from the game?

This
game, made with the sponsorship of the World Bank, illustrates the
role that must meet any responsible, acting in public or private
environments. This highlights the concern to make development
projects, according to the level of funds available. But be careful
with the dangers that are always present, because they can destroy
everything with great care and concern made. It also highlights the
concern to achieve appropriate protection against hazards, and in
case of crisis, have insurance to replace what was lost.

3.1
What change would you propose to better represent the risk management
choices that matter in the place you live?

If
I am tasked with developing a new version of the game for the area
where I live, I would propose to consider the vulnerability.

Natural
phenomena in the Peruvian highlands always contain a potential danger
because their occurrence in a high probability to cause damage to
property and people. In this case, those phenomena will  become a
threat. However, there are also considerable force of natural
phenomena that are not necessarily a threat in the absence of human
communities in their area of influence. For example, a strong
earthquake in a desert area. 


Now,
a natural phenomenon that is dangerous to humans, requires certain
conditions of human life in their environment, human settlements as
misplaced, deteriorating environment, overcrowding, lack of financial
resources, inadequate education, negligence of the authorities,
disorganization, among others. All these elements constitute a highly
vulnerable population. 


That
is, a population that is exposed to recurrent threats of natural
phenomena, is a population that lives at permanent risk, because it
implies that at any time a disaster can occur.

If
you do not have awareness of risk in a population is, is the cause
for a disaster to occur, because by ignoring the existence of a risk
I could not act on it to handle. Contrary to what is commonly thought
that a disaster is a spectacular event, such as a major earthquake
with thousands of deaths and mass destruction, we can say that in our
country, populations often face disasters such as landslides, the
floods, fires. 


In
short, a disaster that can occur when a natural phenomenon becomes
threatening, adversely affecting a community that does not have
enough (economic, educational, infrastructure, etc) capabilities to
confront this danger, makes this community vulnerable.