6808023

The Risk Horizon Game- My Reflection
The risk horizon game provided a fun, and practical, forum for learning how to: 1) prepare for risks/disaster; 2) mitigate the effects of a risk/disaster; and 3) cope, in the event that a risk/disaster does occur. This is reflected within the fundamental principles of Risk Management which revolves around Knowledge, Protection and Insurance. 
While playing the game I had decided to concentrate my efforts towards insurance while occasionally neglecting knowledge and protection, after failing to complete level one I had shifted my attention towards insurance and protection, occasionally trying to acquire knowledge, and sometimes neglecting it completing. This too, had contributed to my inability to complete level one.
Eventually, I have discovered that priority was given to risk preparation, resulting in the utilization of a tremendous amount of, already, scarce resources for this purpose, while the overall development of the village/community was neglected.
In the event that I had played the game once I would have invested in obtaining more knowledge about the various risk, and the potential effects of these risk, in an attempt to have more operational coping mechanisms in place to mitigate the level of shocks which comes as a consequence of these inevitable risks. Having played that game multiple times I had discovered that I was constantly trying to find a balance between knowledge, protection, insurance and the general development of the community. 
With reference to protection, I would have invested a tremendous amount of effort into raising the planet, believing this to be the "easy way out", but due to the time-oriented nature of the game I would have realized that this approach was, by far, the most inefficient, this had reinforced that there were not a quick fixes when managing risk.
Participating in this game had highlighted that risk management, even though simplified, and highly necessary, can be difficult to implement. I would have tried multiple approaches but they all would have had the same results-failure to complete level one, and even when I would have completed level two appeared to be twice as difficult. Essentially I would have learnt that managing risk is essential to development and equal considerations should be place upon knowledge, protection and insurance.
Given the task to develop a new version of the game I would have included an optional price list for selecting various level of raising the planet and the corresponding cost of the same.  