6811245

Risk
management’s role in the game is to balance risk preparation and healthy
development. The Aloran community must then be protected; its citizens and
properties must be armed with enough coping mechanisms in order to continue
building and developing a healthy community for the Alorans.

Trade-offs
take place in order to prioritize something deemed more needful and after a lot
of attempts with the game, it is usually the simple solution that works.
Initially, I used to opt for higher insurance coverage when with enough
preparation and research, the minimal insurance coverage will do. Investing in
preparation enough to withstand the severity of a comet at the time it hits the
community may not be a viable cost sometimes but its payoff is greater,
compared to the damage that will be incurred for not being prepared, insured or
have even made research at all.

Preparation
for risk, especially in a place that is usually visited by vicious comets, in
my opinion, affects development early on. And for me, that is ideal. This is so
so that the initial progress achieved in a community will not go to waste. Damages
incurred by lack or not enough preparation are more costly to repair or may
even set aside initial developments rendered irreparable. Preparing for
imminent risks could take much of the early phases of development but once it is
passed, future developments may continue with fewer and less costly damages
caused by external risks.

The
game was not easy to level up with. I had a number of attempts before I could
reach the fourth level and it was disappointing to fail in any level up because
the game has to restart from level one. 
At first I kept on running out of wealth as I had opted for the highest
insurance coverage while at the same time keeping the protection level high and
upgrading the pods. In the meantime, doing research on the comets must also
take place in order to find a great deal of community support.  

In
succeeding attempts, I learned to take it easy a bit with not much insurance
coverage, still better protection, research and patience for pod upgrades and
have learned to space the creation of new pods. 
Of course, every activity in the game costs time and wealth but dealing
with the situation with the proper armor of research, investment in protection,
insurance, and community support, coping and dealing with the effects of risks
far outweighs its benefits than not attending to any of it at all, which now
also becomes not a good option anymore.

If I
were to modify any part or develop a new version of the game, I would add the
different levels of income within a community and the number of dependents per
couple or family: and then, the community must be made aware of all the
proposed developments and which to prioritize, depending on the needs of the most
vulnerable in community.

 

 