6818920

Three components to ensure effective risk management were at play in the Risk Horizon game. First, the research and information the player may obtain by clicking on the meteors provided knowledge of the scale and scope of risk should the meteor strike close to home. Insurance was available to the player and three different options were available depending on the severity of chance of risk. The player could protect the planet by using the lever to best mitigate the risk of damage from the meteor crashes. With these three options, the player also had be very conscious of the resources available, and that there were adequate amount of resources to have the best risk management strategy in place. Preparation for risk affected development as having proper risk mitigation measures in place was costly and resources were limited. This often prevented from purchasing additional pods to populate the planet. Also, upgrading the pods was costly but necessary to continue development, and had to be balanced with the resources invested to mitigate the risks of damage rendered by falling meteors.If I were to play the game once, I would make sure to purchase the insurance plan based on the severity and chance of the meteor hits. I would invest a bit more in development (on purchasing new pods and upgrading existing ones) when a meteor with very low chance of striking and very low severity was overhead. When there was a riskier meteor, I would use the lever to further protect the pods from a meteor hit.These were the moves I implemented after playing the game once. I learned that a delicate balance between risk mitigation and development must be struck. Being too risk averse meant that more costly damage could be rendered due to lack of proper risk management measures. On the other hand, investing too much in risk management depleted resources and hindered development on the planet by limiting the available money to purchase new pods or to upgrade existing ones.Should there be a new or enhanced version of the game, I would also include the option of having more construction plans available when choosing to build pods. These alternatives should be available to the player before one is able to develop a pod. This element of preparedness is essential, though more costly, when building resilient cities and can help save lives before a disaster (or meteor) strikes. 