682315

As per instructed in the Course, I played the game and successfully
reached  level-6. Risk Horizon game is not only entertaining but it also
helps us in learning about the practical role of Risk Management in the world
of higher development.  

1.  World Bank report defines risk as the
possibility of loss. Thus, Risk management is to manage risk even when it’s
taken in pursuit of opportunity. It is a real time strategy game that
teaches how and why risk management is important for healthy development. We
have to start developing the community but also need to take care of the risk
arising due to falling comets that hinder development. The game provides us
with three risk management tools: Research, protection and Insurance. We have
to remember that each action will cost us precious resources and thus, we have
to maintain balance between Healthy development and risk preparation. Thus, Risk
management plays an important role in order to succeed in the game. 

a)  Research
provides us the power to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet
hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet and thus helping
boost our protection.

b) 
Protection provides us the power of long term
protection against the waves by preventing our pods from being damaged.

c) 
Insurance helps us by making our pods damaged
from flooding quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost
development time after our  pods are
repaired

I made the choice to do research
while building pods, increasing the level of insurance while upgrading the pods
and using protection according to the research on comets that is to maintain the
specific level of protection bar according to time until impact and severity of
comet.

I faced the trade-off between
insurance and protection as along with the upgrade, while having very less money
left; I have to make the decision to use more protection than insurance in
order to save my pods from getting damaged.

The preparation of risk hinders
the rate of development as I had to allocate favorable amount of resources on risk
management tools rather than upgrading/building my pods. Also, the aftermath of
damage caused by the comets made me to allocate resources to re-build the pods.
But, it saves the community from getting huge loss in terms of development and
thus, leading to healthy rate of development. 

2.
I played the game several times. First time, I
put most of my resources on development, very little on protection and none on insurance
and research. After that, I focused on allocating my resources in balanced way,
by doing research along with building pods and increasing the value of
insurance along with up-gradation of pods. I maintained a bar of protection in
each level according to the research. I learnt that it is very important to maintain
a balance by not just allocating resources on building/upgrading the community
but also to do research on the kind of risk that can affect the community,
preparing for the risk and coping with its consequences which is necessary to
reduce losses and pursue opportunities, not only in game but in daily life.



3. I would like to add a systematic risk in the
game for example self-degradation of pods after some random time interval. It
will help us to explore the strategies for handling systematic risk. The place
I live is not only averse to natural risk but also to the systematic risk. So,
in order to strongly reflect the real scenario in the game it is important to
include it in the game. 

