682443

In my opinion, risk management had a crucial role in this game, as in order to succeed you had to find the perfect balance in terms of development, protection and insurance. For instance, you could not focus only on building pods, because if the comets hit you, your losses would be too high to recover until the end of the time. Similarly, you could not focus only on protection without new development, as you did not have enough resources to win the level. In this sense, preparation for risk at first affected negatively the development by consuming the resources, but helped in the future, when comets hit, by reducing the damage and not requiring that many resources to repair.I played the game several times, trying to find a good strategy to win. However, as in life, I found out that there is no perfect strategy, because of the incertitude of the outcomes. The comets did not have the same power and did not fall on the target the same in each game, so the best way to proceed was to adapt your strategy to the current conditions. I learned from the first try not to consume all my resources on protection and insurance, because I had no more resources to build enough to win the level. I learned that researching the comets more could improve the forecast of severity and I could build just the level of protection I needed, not spending more resources on over protection. Along the way I also learned that instead of buying protection, I could spend some time researching the comets and gain more time to build community connections which acted as protection and helped reduce the damage, but didn't cost any resources per se. So overall, if I am to play the game again I would try the following strategy, adapted for the specific conditions in each game: - build as much as I can- upgrade the pods as fast as I can- research every comet thoroughly in order to forecast its severity more accurately and to increase the time for community connections building- build protection close to the level the updated forecasts indicate- if I don't have time to build enough protection (several levels are missing), buy insurance to reduce the damage- when the comet hits, build as much community connections as possible in the time allowed.Generalizing, I think a good framework for risk management for development in real life would be: pursue opportunities, research thoroughly, build protection against shocks, if not enough protection achieved, buy insurance to grow resilience when shocks occur.In a new version of the game I would introduce the possibility of building protection separately for each pod, at lower cost than for the entire lot, in this way giving the player the option to better protect some of the pods that are more important for the general development (the upgraded ones, generating more resources). In my region, sometimes when the risk is imminent, it becomes more vital to be able to better protect the most important resources, than achieving a certain general level of protection.   