6826103



The role of risk management in this game was to help choose
the best mixture of responses to a given threat so the impact would be
minimised. The game represented to a large extent a classic resources allocation
dilemma (the resources here being time- for the research and credit –for insurance
and preparation / protection. The choices involved how much time one should
allocate researching a given threat (which of course precluded from researching
other threats, or dedicating time to upgrade the pods), and how many credits
should be dedicated, and when, to insurance, upgrading the pods and preparation
(raising the level). It is obvious that one should take some measures to mitigate
risk (prepare and/or build a network) or transfer risk (insurance) otherwise the
game is unwinnable. I have tried a mixture of all, as one strategy alone either
wasn't sufficient (e.g. insurance doesn’t cover all damages) or too expensive
(e.g. preparation). Also, building networks was quite efficient as it only costs
time and not credits. I have found playing the game that investment in
preparation is at the beginning expensive, but it pays off in latter stages of
the game. So a player with adequate preparation is able to address the residual
risk with the other measures, whereas without preparation, the game is not
winnable. In conclusion preparation, especially in the early stages allows for
higher development in the future.

The main thing I learned after playing the game several
times was that one has to find the right mixture of strategies, depending on
the threat (the threat being a factor of chance of impact and severity) and to
choose the right response. To find the right mixture takes some time. For me
the winning strategy was summarised in: invest early one in protection that
will be repayed by development in latter stages; buy insurance for big upcoming
threats; check all threats appearing and focus research on the ones that have
high impact and be fast in building networks; ignore (or accept) threats that
do not seem serious, there is not enough time of resources for them; keep some
credits (I guess these would be called savings) to rebuild if disaster happens.


The one thing I would change to the game is that I would
make more transparent the impact and importance of networking. Also, there are
two more standard responses to risk, which would be risk deferral and
avoidance. These I feel were not adequately covered. Otherwise, great job ,very
didactic and enjoyable.

