6827832

In terms of the game, there was a clear capacity for risk management. I knew in advance what the risk was (comets), which varied in strength and likelihood to hit the island, but would have the same results (miss, damage or destroy my settlements). The game provides a number of different tools to manage that risk: you can raise the island up by a number of degrees in order to avoid some / all of the damage, you can buy insurance, and you can do research into the approaching comet. 

Each tool has a different cost/benefit analysis: raising the island is helpful but prevents you achieving any growth in your development at the same time. Insurance costs money and needs to be renewed every round. Research costs nothing, and can be done at the same time as developing your community, but it doesn’t help avoid the comets, merely to help you minimize the damage by facilitating community connections that can help you rebuild. And, above all, I needed to develop my community quickly, so it could flourish and grow (in order to meet my goals).
 Trade-offs were made between raising the island and purchasing insurance. Raising the island (the only proactive tool to try and avoid damage) took time and stopped me developing at the same time – and that development is essential to get to the next stage. Insurance was helpful to minimize repair costs, but had no upfront benefit; ditto for the research. Once I reached the goal for a level, I spent any remaining time raising the island, as I could afford the loss of productivity. I couldn’t get further than level 3 to begin with and I wasn’t clear why I wasn’t getting further; the last time I played the game, I didn’t buy insurance until I saw a level 10 comet approaching which I knew I couldn’t avoid as the island wasn’t high enough. In previous rounds, I made sure the island was raised to match the severity of the comet.

And, all the time I was avoiding risk, I was also concentrating on developing my community – I failed level 3 for not being productive enough.
 Each time I played, I tried to make some form of trade off, between raising the island and buying different levels of insurance. But the last time I played, when I got through to level 4, I focused on building non-stop to make sure the development bar was rising quickly, and didn’t buy insurance until the end.

I learned that quick assessment of the oncoming comets – especially when more than one were in the air at the same time – was essential in order to do research where it was most needed. I learned that insurance isn’t essential in this game – focus was needed to develop the community first. And I learned that a lot of time spent on research (which was ‘free’ time as it didn’t interfere with the development of the community) means you get more time to build community connections and hopefully avoid any damage.

And I learned that no matter how hard you plan, you will still get hit eventually – but it’s important to rebuild quickly. If I were to make one change, I would add a second form of risk – perhaps one that comes from building too much too quickly and comes without any warning. It’s unrepresentative of life to only have one form of risk – especially when you know what it is in advance.