6830964

1. The risk management role in the game took the highest possible shelf. Without quick feasibility studies of, how severe is the risk, what is the potential damage, as well as the frequency of risk (meteors falling), finance and possible solution to escape losses (in this case development loss, and financial), it was not able to succeed in the game further for 1 round. The tradeoffs in this game are only few, but they present the importance of these key issues: -spend money and time in development, or on insurance policy and raise the island to escape cunami? Therefor it affected the town's development. Development took place well in advance before meteor meets the planet, and after all risks have been neutralized.Key parameter in this game played a knowledge factor, with out knowledge, it is hard to choose and make right decision to prevent disaster. 2. I, Nikita gorbatko, declare that I played the game several times. Therefore every time I failed, I had to analyze my mistakes, like, tradeoffs, add more knowledge, or time to raise the island (preparation), which kind of insurance its better to obtain (50 or 70 percent cover ratio). The last try was the most successful by reaching level 4. Firstly, I developed town in advance before meteor strikes, secondly I have spent lot of time on studying the risk (knowledge), thirdly- valuating how severe is the disaster (preparing for the worst case scenario), 4thly- obtaining proper insurance (according to previously mentioned issues), and last but not least, tried to avoid the consequences (raising the island to prevent flooding). And only after the risks have been avoided, town development continued. A3. As a developer, I would add 1 tiny thing, civilian activity + alarm system. Before a disaster strikes, civilians will have to be warned, in order to prepare for the strike and minimize civilian loss. However, if alarm system will be neglected, it will result in many victims. I think it will give better understanding of natural disaster importance, preparation and well operational team work.   