6834054

Risk management was
at the heart of the game : investigating and identifying hazard
(comets and sea level rise), reducing exposure (elevating the level
of security of pods) , addressing the effects and impacts (reacting
in emergency situation with community links, investing in
insurances).

There were
trade-offs but rather between development goals and risk management
measures. A mix of measures with knowledge, protection and insurance was necessary. 
- Research. As
soon as comets appeared, it was worth investing in research to
identify hazard (severity) and exposure (chance of hits). I have used research to win extra time to make connections but cannot assess whether this was a successful strategy. I did not spot a case where
the risk of one comet  (severity/chance of hit) changed during the
course of the round. I would have expected that more research help
you to better identify the risk (reduce uncertainty – better
assessing the chance of hit for instance as the comet got closer).
However, I did not see this feature and the risk when the comet
appeared in the sky remained constant until it crashed or not.

- Insurance was
definitely a good deal.  It was better to purchase it while the
comet was getting close (which I believe does not reflect products
that are offered by insurance companies). The price of insurance did
change between rounds but I did not have the chance to spot if it was
because :- my assets (pods) were upgraded (and therefore costed more to
protect) or

- because the costs of insurance increased as the risk of one comet
crashing was materialising or

- because my insurance had been already used once and insurers were
willing to offer protection at a higher price
My risk averse
behaviour always got me to purchase the 75 % insurance, I never
calculated precisely the price of my assets (perhaps a reminder of
the worth of what you have built on the page, would help calculating
the right ratio for insurance). Only roughly.  The highest for a 75 %
insurance was 239 currency units, while building a pod costs around
200, upgrading costs 187. So when I had 4 upgraded pods, I figured
that insurance would be worth it without making the detailed
assessment.
Only once, I could
not purchase the 75 % insurance because I did not have enough
money. 

In addition, there
was also a problem of display in the game. Between rounds, the
insurance you had purchased and not used in one round was appearing
on the screen while in reality I was not covered by insurance. I
should have better checked that my contracts was in order.

- Protection-
elevating pods
This was the most time consuming measure, destracting from development goals.
However, I noticed that once you had invested the time into it, it
was valid on the long-term and from one round to the other. So, this was a good investment. Nevertheless, I lost when I tried to increase my level of protection to 4. There were better ways to use my resources.
LimitationsRisk management is only linked to
one type of risk coming from out of space. The difficulty of risk
management comes from the multiplicity of risks and high level of
uncertainty and what to prioritise. So, I would advocate for at least
incorporating another layer of risk in the game. Also, some of the
most important risks that mankind has to address are man-made risk.
It would have been good to reflect on this and see how development
itself bears risks (bad management of resources, climate change,
toxic waste and chemicals accumulating).

