6844180

I found it extremely difficult to balance the risk management of Alora.  This crucial factor was that there were not enough resources in either time or funds to play this game perfectly so it was all about balancing and trade-offs.   I can see how these principles could be applied to my own environment.  The factor I would focus on first would be protection and building of infrastructure.. I did play this game multiple times and got better with practice. At the start,  I didn't really understand the role of research or protection and simply emphasized development and insurance.   I felt I could do better though. I then tried to add in more protection.  This was actually worse.  I died much sooner.  I then added research. This helped to balance out my game so by the time I gave up, I made it my farthest to level 3.  My main take-away was that there was no clear best strategy.  You had to analyse the current situation and allocate resources as you best saw fit.  When a severe asteroid was incoming, you would try to devote resources to protection and research.  When you were in the clear, that was the time to develop.  Even then, you could never predict 100%, and sometimes were wrong.  That was when insurance helped mitigate the situation.  It was a sacrifice though to allocate a lot of overhead to insurance when you so strongly wanted to develop.  In some cases, you were dealt a tough hand.  You could be developing at a nice pace, spending money on research and protection, and have good level of insurance, but then an asteroid would come in stronger than expected.  You could react as best you could with the resources and time available.  But if this happened with seconds left on the clock, you had absolutely no time to recover.  This is probably reflective of the real world in risk management where there are no answers.  You can draw on knowledge and experience, make best predictions, prepare as best you can,  and ultimately it could either succeed or fail. If it fails, you react as best you can. I also found the game frustrating in that when I lost, it was never immensely clear why.  What did I do wrong?  How could I do better next time?  The lack of feedback meant practice didn't necessarily always lead to improvement next time.  This is probably another true-to-life experience though where the world is experiencing a lot of firsts in terms of global economy and changing environment.  It isn't necessarily possible to plan for first time experiences. Also in the real world, there is no one looking from above to give feedback.  So those in risk management are largely on their own to analyse past results and take that away for future planning. I am lucky to live in an environment where there are not a lot of risks.  The worst risks are severe snow or rain storms which can bring the city's infrastructure to a halt.  If I could change one thing, it would be the investment in infrastructure/protection.  The city around me is very reactive to bad storms in sending out crews to restore power outages due to damaged lines, directing traffic, and transporting people. It would be nice to better plan the city so that power lines were say underground and not so susceptible to storms, or where water drainage systems adequately removed water so people could continue to move.  That investment in infrastructure could save a lot of time, resources, and frustration of the future.