6851724

 1Risk Management, in parallel with the aspect of Developing a
new Civilization and Habitat, there is a fine balancing act to be done. The Risk-Triangle to be balanced off is having the three Variable entities of KNOWLEDGE,
PROTECTION, and INSURANCE.

The Risk Manager, who will achieve the final goal, with the
shortest time, will have a advantage.

As per Real world, the one who grows and achieve the Final
saturation fastest will be the Leader (winner)consequently, to grow faster, i
left off, and sacrificed INSURANCE Variable for Protection.

Protection is a Pro-ACTIVE step towards achieving the
Objective; compared to paying for Insurance Which seems as a reactive mechanism
to a damage situation, which Provides compensation.

 

Being Pro-active and adding Pro-ACTIVE  Measures for a Risk situation is far better
than Reactive action for a actual Risk scenarios.



Knowledge (RnD) and Analysis, always helps in taking decisions
towards Pro-active measures. Big-Data ANALYTICS, Data Warehousing and
Forecasting and many  mathematical algorithms
are derived , as tools for Pro-active measures.

Proactive preparation will always Out-weigh and Out-Shine,
reactive actions for Risk.

 

 

2Having played the game more than once, the main difference
would be to forego of getting high insurance premium Purchase, 

and to use that funds to Protection step  and upgrading the Pods.

Quick upgrading of PODS to higher level, increases the
development in inflow and achievement.Finally, never to stop the Growth and development , and never compromise the growth to cater to Protection/Research.Protection, research aspects are good, but should be with inline and during Growth. If we stop for Research, protection the time will be up for Growth.

 

Main learning aspects;

Quick to utilize funds if to Develop fast.

Savings and keeping cash in hand is not worth, without Spending it.

Risk management is not about the Cash Savings at hand,
but investing in the assets and Liquidity state of Assets.Being pro-active to Risk scenario's , rather than be reactive with repairing and paying up Insurance, after the damage is done.Invest in upgrades initially, do it fiercely as it takes time to reap benefits.

 

 

3 

-I would add Human Population aspect, to grow inside the
Pods.

-With behaviors of Humans, the growth of Human numbers inside
the Pods.

 -Cash/Funds generation methodology for Human number inside a Pod, which will become efficient PODS with a learning curve.

The affects of Human behavior that affects the development
and incrementation of Risk.

I would add, the increased 
Population growth and decrease of Land, assets, which consumes
Funds in a Exponential manner. There can be many scenarios and Combinations with this and many adverse and favorable conditions towards Risk..

 

