6864852

(Role of risk management
in the game) Risk management (1) allowed for the identification of the existing
development risks in the area (falling comets); (2) the adoption of necessary
protection and mitigation measures; (3) it allowed also for the adoption of coping strategies pos-disaster and (4) the execution of a balanced plan which considered the
need to achieve the project targets and the existing risks.

(Choices I made and trade-offs
I confronted in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance). (1) Being aware
that that was a disaster prone zone, I decided that I should start by securing
the basic conditions to counter that risk. I decided therefore to start by
buying insurance for the project. (2) By accumulated research during the
various attempts I noticed that the insurance should be purchased in an
equivalent amount of the threat in view. Resources are scarce and going for an
expensive insurance plan just for the sake of mitigation decreased unjustifiably
the available budget necessary for the systematic advance of the project. (3)
The investment in knowledge was really valuable at all times as it had direct
effect in the deviation of the risk and substantial reduction of its
effects. (4) Aware of the vulnerability of the area, I decided that the project implementation should go hand in hand with the implementation
of a protection plan. Keeping balance among project implementation,
execution of the protection plan; purchase of insurance and research was really
hard and many times inconsequent as comets ended up anyway destroying the project and
creating irreversible damage. The outstanding trade off I made was to prioritize research at all stages of the project.Preparation for risk
affected development as the protection measures taken namely, the uplifting of ground
level, the purchase of insurance as well the increase in the house protection
consumed the necessary time available to complete the project and achieve the
development targets. This was even worst as the danger materialized with retroceding
consequences. 

If I played the game
once and if I were to play again I would spend more time in analyzing the best
and most feasible options to go through the exercise. While optimum balance of
development options and associated risks are deeply informed by the unfolding
of the events, adequate information about the all scenario, risks,
opportunities and consequences through prior analysis could always be helpful
to explore more effective development options, to address the risks and to contain the impact.

Based on the experience
of having played multiple times, and if I were to implement this in real life scenario,
I would always prioritize the research and analysis component of the project. The
project design and implementation should always be accompanied by thorough
research prior to execution and throughout the all implementation process.

If I were to develop a
new version of the game and I was given the chance to change something to
better represent the risk management, I would make available more information
about the all development scenario and associated risks and mitigation opportunities. I would make it possible for the game to use additional development and risk management tracks.  I.e, the current game set up only allows for
the players to address one issue at a time. Eg, when investing in research, the
development of the project would stop. Setting up of protection measures could
also not be executed in the same with the development of project. In real
life, with proper division of labor and adequate allocation of resources the
various development and mitigation tracks can be executed in the same time
making the all risk management more effective.

