6879867

Risk management helps prevent or minimize loss and damages due to shocks; facilitate reconstruction when
needed and, in a long term run, foster development. Failing to manage the
risks adequately results in loss and the end of the game.

Risk management is composed of
different elements and finding the right balance among them leads to success.

Knowledge allows to predict likelihood
and magnitude of threatening events and, though it cannot prevent them from
happening, it can help to plan the steps to be undertaken to mitigate their
consequences (i.e. purchasing a better insurance and increase the protection of
the area if the risk is major, or continue developing if the risk is minor).

Protection helps reduce the exposure to risks and minimize the impact
of the shock, thus reducing the damages; while insurance helps reduce
loss by making reconstruction less expensive.

All activities require time and
money, therefore focusing the efforts or overspending on one of them affects
the capacity of working on the other (i.e. spending too much money on insurance
leaves little balance for building or upgrading pods; spending too much time on
research does not allow enough time for developing or reconstructing, etc). 

Preparation for risk can lead to
more sustainable development, especially on a long term period. Preparation may
require to reduce the speed of development, as time and resources need to be
invested in research and setting up of preventive measures, but at the same time
it minimizes the possibility of destruction and the need of spending on
reconstruction at a later stage. 

I have played several times and
at the beginning it was not very easy to understand what to do. Though
instructions were given, they were not completely clear. In spite of being
frustrating, learning from the previous failures helped me understand what went
wrong and to find ways to change the approach and reach better results. 

After the first tentative spent
on rushing to put in practice all possible options and guessing the best one, I
have started taking more time to reflect on how to relate each option to the
other so as to maximize their combined effect. 

The game taught me that patience
is needed in risk management. Though it is easy to associate risks management to dealing with emergencies, it shall not be rushed or improvised, as management tools may
be ineffective if they are not properly related to the situation they are
applied to. From the game I have also learnt that risk management requires multitasking efforts, as different dimensions must be addressed and taken into account at the same time.

If a new version of the game may
be developed I would add some connections outside the island, so as to
represent the different stakeholders engaged and their different
responsibilities. This element would give an idea of the
complementary/subsidiary roles of communities, states, international community,
etc. in risk management.