6884560

The role of risk management in the game is
the central government, which is responsible for the development and protection
of city. Because  I have limited resources and time, and I have to balance
among knowledge, protection and insurance. Firstly, I should build pods to
guarantee the development and enough resources. I build 2-3 pod at the first
time, since I can not spend all my money.  And then I should do the
protection and keep an eye on the upcoming comets. I should get knowledge from
watching the comets. If it is not too severe, like 1-2, Just keep watching to
get knowledge. If it is immense severe, I will buy the insurance to do the
protection. I should put more time on watching the comets, since it will bring
me more time to connect pods if the comet destroy the city.  At the meantime,
I should continually build the pods. I do not need save much money on my
account, and it is better to use the money to develop. Above level 3, If I put
more attention on protection, it will affect the development. Sometimes, I can
not finish development within the time the game gives us.  If I play the
game more than once, I will change the time and sequence among protection, knowledge,
insurance and development. I will do as follows: development, protection,
knowledge and insurance. I do not put much money on insurance unless the severe
of comet is very high. I can put my money on development if the severe of comet
is low. With the level I won, I can add more pods to build.  If I task
with developing a new version for the game, I think I should label the level
clearly. Sometime I even do not know which level I am playing. I will reduce
the time of connection of pods. It takes too long to connect and sometimes it
needs 60 time connection. It is a bit boring. I will give more tips on every
level and teach the player how to success. The last but not the least, if you
successful play the level 3, if you lose level 4, does not play it again from
level 1. It wastes time. I think the purpose of the game is to teach us how to
manage the risk, so it is important about the game design. The game is to teach
us how to manage, but not just a game.

