6885406

First of all I have to say that I found this
game quite interesting because it served as a useful platform to experience the
risk chain and the components of Risk Management, all the way from preparation
to coping, in a fun and didactic way.

In this case, I believe that the shock presented
itself in two ways: as the chance of a comet hitting my colony in Alora, and as
the possibility of a financial crisis, this is, not having enough resources to
achieve the level of development required to be successful and win the level. 

The external environment was reflected on the
position of the island, if it was higher or lower, which is, in turn, quite
related with the component of protection, which I will address later. 

On the other hand, the internal conditions where
reflected on the amount and size of the pods, which are also related to the
cost of insurance, another component I will talk about later as well.

Now, the role of risk management is primary in
this game because the main objective is to find a balance between obtaining knowledge
(severity of the comet, chance of hitting etc), investing in protection or
insurance, two components that may or may not be needed, or risking to use the
money on upgrading the pods. I find interesting that a piece of data which is
not available in the game, is how much does the income increases with each
upgrade of the pods. This is the element I would add to the game because it
would allow the decision maker to calculate better future investments in
relation with the time remaining before the stopwatch reached 00:00. More knowledge
and data availability are also components that I would prefer to have in my
country (Mexico) where transparency is still a challenge. 

I played the game several times and first I
invested all my money in developing and upgrading pods, while neglecting both protection
and insurance. The results were catastrophic. The next time I tried to balance
the investment of resources between those three options and the conditions
improved consistently. 

An outstanding lesson of this game is that
knowledge is a powerful tool and it can be more useful to know how to deal with
possible shocks before they take place, than to have more money to invest in coping
with the effects of a disaster in which there was no risk management 