6886745

The role of risk management in the game was to reduce the
impact or damage caused by comets through the use of different combinations of  resource allocation. The resources were to be
allocated  in research, protection and
insurance with different mix at the same time considering the budget
constraint. As an example one might use more research but this would mean less
protection from the hits given the type of insurance taken. Protection is how
you can protect against comets .Risk management entails that if your protection
 matches the severity of a comet that
hits, you will be fully protected. The more time i spent with the comet selected,
the more research I had will collect, but this took away time i could spend
doing other actions, hence, it was all about balancing. The more research i had
done, the more time I had to make community connections before a shock hits. This
is another way I had to prepare for incoming shocks if the protection had  begun to cost too much money. When I purchased
an insurance plan, I knew was covered for the rest for the round against
residuals that would befall me after taking 
protection. Damaged growers were also be cheaper depending on the
plan  bought. Preparation played a
pivotal role in ensuring that resources were allocated efficiently to different
competing uses. As a result, the extent of damage was reduced allowing the
community to cope after a shock.

 If I were to play the
game again I would try and focus more on protection because this would increase
the chances of reducing the damage living room for insurance to play a minimum
role. I have learnt that in society we face resource constraints in dealing
with different risks, how we allocate these finite resources will determine the
extent to which we are able to withstand shocks from risks such as natural
hazards. A balance between knowledge, protection and insurance needs to be
reached. I also learnt that it would be extremely difficult to use protection
when you do not have research or knowledge about the risk you are facing which in
turn will hinder your ability to choose an appropriate insurance cover.

 If I am tasked with developing
a new version of the game I would make the game simple to understand through
the use of simple language and would provide more clearer information to the
players. I would focus more on the learning aspect of the game as opposed to
complexity. This, I would achieve by making the game interactive, for example,
when one chooses the right balance on preparation, a compliment should be given
saying ,“well done, excellent or good”, to say the least  or perhaps giving hints in order for one to
reduce the damage during the game.  I would
concentrate on the specific preparation methods pertaining to drought and
poverty caused by lack of adequate rainfall as well as disease prevention as
these challenges reflect the place I live.