6896533

In general, the game is about development management focused primarily on the management of risks. It is about development management because the player needs to build a community composed of the pods, ensure that these grow, and eventually earn money. But because nothing is perfect, communities need to face risks and in the case of the game, these are the comets that the player confronts every now and then. Second, there is also no such thing as infinite resources so the player has to balance between investing for the growth of the pods, and the conduct of research to gain more knowledge and prepare more for the impact of the comets in terms of providing more protection and insurance. One cannot over-invest in the development of the pods because if the risks occur, the damage could be very bad and no money might be left for the "coping period" or for the repair of the damage. Neither can one over-invest in insurance as development may be too slow to produce economic gains. Third, there is also no such thing as fool-proof protection that will last forever. Insurance has terms and expires, and one can only do forecasts. Comets (or risks) would sometimes miss or, despite, low probability, would still hit the ground and affect the community. This means preparation for risks should be done not just once or twice, immediately before the start of the game or later, but every now and then.It is worth playing the game again and again as it teaches the player the value of the following: (a) the necessity of protection and risk mitigation, (b) the need to balance investments for development (i.e., raising the community) and investments for protection and insurance, and (c) the value of spending time in research to ensure that the preparations are sufficient in cases the risks occur.But though the game is aimed at depicting the management of risks, there are still missing things and should be included for the future versions. These include the ability of the community to build (in higher levels of the game) machines that can destroy comets. This is important because: one, this means confronting directly the risk (which is one of the choices in real life situations), and; two, having an opportunity to earn additional income (communities can pay or donate for the operation of the machine) that can be invested for the host community's development. While it is true that resiliency is also an aspect that is being taught in the game, the ability to directly confront risks should also be included. As an adage goes: the best defense is a good offense.