6918087

               Risk
Horizon, the game provided to us, was indeed well-designed. More so, it was an
innovative and effective way of getting us to learn the importance of risk
management. Not talking much about the game, I’ll proceed straight to what I
think I understood, extracted and the knowledge I derived from it.

               Firstly,
I’d like to add that I played the game for over 8 times to test each and every theoretical
strategy that I could possibly think of. I’ve submitted codes for only the
first 2 attempts because I successfully completed the game the second time I
played it. Talking about the value of resources, they are hard to find especially
when the civilization or community is in its cradle. The first time I tried, I
couldn’t exactly figure out how things need to be done here. I should say, I
approached it merely as a game like any other. It was when I was done making
bad decisions when I figured my Game was Over, that I realized that I had acted foolishly. I tried to build up a
balance between the resources the second time and it worked. Things fell in
place just the way I wanted them to. That was when I kind of let it go assuming
that I was right about it being just a game. Last night I was bored and really
disappointed when I saw Brazil being bashed, I decided I didn’t want to watch
FIFA anymore and I switched to playing Risk Horizon again.

               This
time my motive was to shoot down all possible theories that I could come up
with. I started off by choosing never to buy insurance. It went well till level
4 after which it did not work out. 2 comets hit my community and I didn’t know
what to do. I didn’t have sufficient resources to repair and Game Over. Next
was to never get research. I just check what severity and hit-chance it showed
when I clicked and I assumed it was final without actually observing the
increase-decrease trend during research. What happened was too vague. Some
comets that were sure to hit (like the violet bars full) missed, in which case
I had wasted my time and resources gaining protection/elevation for the island.
In another case, a comet which was of a very low severity, hit badly. I didn’t
research and had less time to get community connections. This was a failed
strategy too.

               The best
strategy that turned out to be was to start slow. Make 5 pods, run them and
upgrade to the second level. Then make one pod and upgrade it for the rest. Now
upgrade 5 of the pods to level 3 and then continue upgrading one of these 5 to
level 4 and the ones from level 2 to level 3 alternately. Once you have
upgraded all the level 2 pods to level 3, start upgrading the level 4 ones to
level 5. While doing this, keep a balance between research, protection and
insurance.

               I have
concluded that at the beginning, all are equal, but as things advance, some
members of the community prosper better and they increase the income of
resources which then can be used for the development of the lesser ones. Putting
it in better words, it is in favor of the community’s overall prosperity and resilience-building
that the weak allow the strong to strengthen more and in return the strong help
the weak prosper better than what they would have, had they been all by
themselves.