6928273

In the Risk
Horizon game, risk management helped to reach the next level of development. I had
to manage how to spend money and make trade-off between development and either
knowledge, protection, and insurance. Actually I had to find an equilibrium
between these four components. Knowing about the comets helped me to adjust the
level of protection, and to cover the uncertainty by an accurate level of
insurance. It also gave me more time afterwards to build connection and enhance
protection.

 Preparation for risk helped me lessen the
negative impacts on my development and helped me recover faster.



I played
the game several times. Actually on first run, I put all my money on
development and forgot to use research and protection. It was a disaster and I
failed immediately. 

On the
second run, I used protection by did not understand that the level of
protection to be reached could be trigger by the knowledge about the level of
risk. So I spent too much money on protection and failed to develop enough!



Then I
adopted this strategy:

-       
Developing
3 plots

-       
Researching
about the comet

-       
Adapt
my protection level before betting on development

-       
Get
a minimal insurance

-       
If
damages occurred, repairing my plots before developing other ones.

-       
Develop
2 new plots and improve my first 3 ones.

-       
Research
about the next comet

-       
Adjusting
the level of protection and getting a stronger level of insurance as I was
getting wealthier, so having more money to lose. I also could afford it more
easily. 

It led me to level 5. The game
learned me not to hurry on development. This must be done with measurement of
the degree of hazard I could have to face. If I ignore the risk, I am unable to
make judgement about consequences of a shock. On the other hand, knowing what
outcomes could be helps me preventing and lessen negative effects. When
uncertainty is high, insurance can help me face the consequences of the shock
and recover earlier (in the game repairing was cheaper with insurance). 

Knowing better
about the level of risk, and especially when estimation of risk was low, made me decide to
grow with less fear.

If I could
add something to the game, it would be the uncertainty of money value over time.
As an individual I cannot influence this parameter. Inflation is a big issue in
the place I live and exchange rate can have a big influence on our lives and
the type of development to be involved in. But maybe it is close to comet and
we just have to have knowledge about it to adopt an accurate response to this
concern…





