6942601

The Risk Horizon game provides phenomenal interactive and
comprehensive platform for the students to learn about risk management. Whether
it’s the comets attacking the pods or the sea level rising up and threatening its
very existence-the game is packed with full of fun and adventure. Risk management
plays an important role in the game. The idea of introducing insurances is an
effective way of teaching risk management in real life situations. The different
insurance policies giving different amount of risk covers, allowing variety of
choices to choose from is appealing. It helps in building risk strategies and
management skills. It helps making us understand proper utilization of time and
money, thereby investing it wherever priority demands the most. I took
insurances that offered seventy-five percent cover such that I have to pay less
against repair and refurbishments during disastrous attacks. The idea of
building stronger relationships with the neighbors in order to reduce the
damages is enthralling. Buying life insurances ensured that I had to suffer a
lesser pinch in my pocket during comet attacks so I could now repair larger
number of pods in lesser time. Therefore development was increasing faster in
comparison to the one without risk management. I played this game a couple of
times which introduced me to a plethora of risk preparation and adversity
battling techniques.  In my first
attempt, I was unsuccessful as I concentrated upon building and developing pods
rather than buying insurances and researching about the comets. In my very next
attempt I cleared the first level with all the pods developing at enormous
rates. It provided me an experience of formulating zero-hour strategies and
ensuring maximum utilization of resources. If I would have been the game developer,
I would have added an option of investing money in banks or stocks so that
player could use his capital in an efficient way along with higher returns.Also,the idea of attacking the comets would captivate the attention of the player even more.This would inculcate better risk management skills and offer wide range of
opportunities among the players. Prioritizing
the needs which require more attention and channelization of resources is of utmost importance.  Awareness has to be created so that people
can face calamities, recessions or disasters with wisdom. Just like the comets
hinder the progress of the game and affect the development of the game levels,
there may arise situations in life where will be facing such cruelties and
exigent situations. This game thus, provides a thrilling experience with the
breath-taking situations it creates and a platform of showcasing one’s
efficient management strategies in challenging environment.