6942229

The main role of risk management in the game was to minimize
the risk by learning more about the falling comets, adding insurance based on
how well we felt about managing all the elements together while protecting
growing-planet Alora from devastation.I chose to learn more about the falling comets and
waiting to get more money to spend on development, protection and insurance. As
soon as I got the information regarding the severity and the chance of hit of
the comets, I spent money in protecting Alora from possible hits. That helped
me to avoid getting the highest insurance fees while researching more about
each of the comets, and having more time to cope after the hits.
So, preparation for risk did affect development, but always in a positive way
for Alora. 



I did not feel the imminent risk the first time I
played the game. I did not know what to expect at all. So, I think that is what
usually happens during a crisis if we know little about it; if we have not
taken some time to learn more about it. I would have definitely learned more
about the game, re-read the instructions and make sure I managed all the
information the best way possible before I hit the start bottom. The second
time I played the game, I only reached level 2, but I realized that I had to
understand and control at the same time all the elements that intervened in the
game to successfully complete it. The third time I played the game, I came up
with a strategy, and I was able to go through level 5. It felt awesome! 

The game was good. I feel it is a smart way to compile
all the information about risk and opportunity, and share it with others. At
first, I thought I would probably add more time, since it is only a game. At
some point, I felt the pressure for not moving to the next level, and during
the 3 minutes, I seriously did all I could to save Alora from falling comets.
But, I guess that is the way it should be.



Since famine, floods, droughts and economic crises are
real life situations that are not easy to draw or illustrate nowadays, I was
happy the game used a hypothetical nation, and illustrative elements to denote
all that was happening.



After playing the game, I feel even more confident
about the fact that we can develop our nations while diminishing impacts by
equilibrating research, insurance and protection in only one strategy.