6942415

It was actually quite hard to make the respective choices. I do not know whether it was a technical problem or if I did not understand the game properly, but it seemed rather impossible to build up wealth. Therefore, I decided to invest mostly into insurance, to make sure that when a comet hit, I would not have to spend too much money for building up the community again. As I mentioned, this choice was mainly based on the fact that I was basically always broke :-) As for the risk management with respect to research, I decided to only invest in research if the risk was high, i.e. if the comet was likely to hit, and if the consequences were announced to have a high severity. On the other hand, if the comet was unlikely to hit, and / or if the severity was announced to be rather low, I decided it was not worth investing in research for something that was not going to take place, or would not cause a lot of damage and therefore had a rather low risk for my community. I played the game several times, and after the first round, the first thing I did was buying a high insurance, due to the fact that if I did not do so, I knew I would never have enough money to build up the damaged houses again, left alone the ones which had been upgraed (if I go to that point at all). Other than that, there were no main changes to the choices I made compared to the first round of playing the game.As mentioned in the beginning, I found it hard to build wealth in the first place (holding the button did almost not work at all). So this would be one thing I would change and / or explain better in the game. However, this obviously does not have specifically something to do with risk management choices that matter in the place where I live. In order to make it more appealing, it might be nice to show the "protection" level with a dam being built around the community. Where I live, severe floods are always an issue, including the fact that a lot of houses are built quite near to the rivers, and are often subject to damage in case of high water levels, so addressing this aspect would be very good from my point of view.