6945355

Risk management determines your prepareness to all aftermath of disasters. In early stages more efficient strategy is readiness to results of disasters. During all gaming time you are moving on the sharp edge of blade. If you didn't pay enough attention to protection so that in next stages you will have nothing instead of new deal with insurance agency which with each round increase price of their service. You need to make decisions based on your winning from the situation, however you can't estimate how much you win or lose after disaster if you didn't experience it. That's why this game can partly substitute for us some experience and give to us new more flexible sight on problem.Game showed me that preventing of disasters and preparing to them in most cases are more important activities than obtaining of insurance payments for aftermath. Most of times I failed at 2nd or 3rd stage because I didn't mention how protection is good. Sometimes with getting insurance your cost of repairing buildings is low, but in late stages it's not as efficient as protecting. Because from stage to stage you lose your insurance contract and need to deal the new more expensive contract. And at some point you don't have money to sign insurance, and your city is defenceless. But if you in early stage were attentive to protection activities so you can leave some money for upgrading of buildings and take the cheapest insurance contract (because it will be enough). However I reached the point that now I'm always losing at stage 4 and I didn't find the best strategy. So I keep going to beat this game :)This game reveals to us how we should estimate each possible disaster and what kind of activities we should implement to avoid any damage and loss from it. I live in Kiev and we don't have nature disasters. And our biggest problem is our Parlament where all officiaries don't serve to their people, but try to satisfy own needs or needs of 3rd party organizations. However, from year to year we have in the end of spring and at the beginning of summer in city goes pipes checking and fixing. And with these checkings take from 3 to 5 weeks so people can get sick from cold water, because not every can buy and house-boiler to heat water for getting shower. So I would like to propose to our government to change their checking schedule and modify their tools and technologies. 