6952242

The role of Risk Management in the game is to protect the developing community  Alora by balancing risks preparation with healthy development. In terms of knowledge it was necessary to understand their systemic risks: constant comets careen into water that causes waves and affects development; the research tool allowed to look for information about chances of the comet hitting, time until impact and the severity of the comet. By knowing this, the protection strategy became more easier to plan: long term protection against waves by raising the island. This tool was the most helpful to prevent damage and re-building the community, but also was one of the most expensive. Finally, was the insurance element, which had my priority, by balancing growth and insurance in the island i could prevent and repair damage faster. This tool had immediately effects on the island.  Personally i had to take the game a few times, first i try i grow to fast and gave the insurance tool few relevance, but i became aware that the development wasn't growing as much as i wanted and i was spending too much of my budget repairing damage that may be covered with insurance. So after a few times, i decided to insurance first, grow one step at a time and to raise protection as soon as i can. I also notice that in order to upgrade the community development, every time insurance and houses costs became more and more expensive, so the community had to produce faster and more outcomes to gain sustainability growth. If i can change or add one simple thing on the game i think i would have to considerate the citizen security element. Unfortunately in development countries as my own in Central america, it is a known factor that when systemic risks occurs and external financial aid comes along, chances of corruption increases. Many of the funds for people who need to re-built their communities is lost in corruption. I would incorporate the element of prevention and institutional strengthening so the funds can be well manage and deliver to the people who really need. This element its extremely relevant because the whole assumption of the game is based on development growth, which cannot be achieve with high levels of corruption in government institutions. 