6962372

Initial reflection: The aim of the game was to build
a sustainable and lasting Alora community in a region that is exposed to many
systemic risks. This is a very real-life scenario, and reminded me particularly
of countries that are prone to imposed systemic risks such as volcano eruptions
or regions that suffer intense storms, cyclone or hurricane seasons. Of course,
in real life, some people might be able to move away from such high-risk
regions, but most cannot just leave everything behind. 

Playing the game: I played twice, reached level 3 at
my first try and level 5 at my second attempt. My game version was handicapped,
because I played on Windows XP and have not been able to increase protection
more than 3 or 4 bars. To raise protection even by one bar took about 15 to 20
seconds, so I played with very low protection throughout the game. The ‘not
enough resources sign’ kept blinking throughout the game, even if I had sufficient
money left. I hope that future versions of the game will take such technical
issues into account. 

While of course strategizing and balancing different
activities was key to reaching higher levels, I think that a certain amount of
luck was essential, as several comet strikes over a short amount of time made
it more difficult to be everywhere at once. Then again, one could argue that
luck is also an essential component of our real life and unfortunately even
with skill and if we do everything right, sometimes we lose. 

First attempt: In the first attempt I did not really
know what I was doing. From the lecture material, I assumed that the game was
about risk (the possibility of loss – in this case damage to buildings and the destruction
of Alora) and opportunity (the possibility of gain – building a sustainable beautiful
Alora). I was aware that I would need to balance preventive measures (research
and protection), and coping with the consequences of particularly severe comet
hits (insurance). I also assumed it would be in my best interest to keep the community
small at the beginning, focusing on a few pods, but upgrading them as fast as
possible. I lost at level 3. 

Second attempt:  Following my loss, I considered what I may
have done wrong and how to change my strategy. I gambled a bit excessively on
insurance, trying to leave it to the last minute and sometimes I did not manage
to buy it before the comet hit. This resulted in high reconstruction costs and
slowed my progress. Additionally, my community may have been too small,
reducing the number of possible community links and thus decreasing resilience
in Alora. 

Therefore, during my second attempt, I focused on 

-         
balancing my construction efforts more equally
between pods, 

-         
on buying insurance when I saw several comets
arriving (paying particular attention not to the likelihood of the hit, but to
its severity)

-         
building immediately when I had money in the
bank, to make Alora into a beautiful community. 

Additional ideas for future game development: I think
once technical weaknesses have been addressed, an interactive version of the
game would be interesting. Right now, the player takes all the decisions and
can decide unilaterally what to do. However, in real life decisions are rarely
taken unilaterally anymore and each decision-process involves a lot of
negotiation. Negotiation is time-consuming and may actually increase risks for
a particular community if no agreement can be reached. I think an interactive version
would be quite interesting to see how different players act together. 