6963227

Question 1: In order to succeed in this game, you would require to reach a good balance of knowledge (research of the comets), protection (raising the community), insurance (purchasing it based on risk of collision). It is difficult to do well in the game, as choosing one decision will sacrifice another aspect. Choices I had to make include;1) Spending limited money to purchase insurance, the trade-off being not able to use that sum topurchase upgrades, and raising the community. 2) Spending the time researching the comets, the trade-off being the time I have used it to raise the community 3) Choosing the number of pods I would like to build,  the trade-off being the height and grade I would sacrifice if Ichose to build many pods.  If I know the risk of collision is low; 1) I would not purchase insurance, and use that sum to make more pods. 2) I would use the time to raise the community 3) I would build the maximum number of pods The converse would be true where risk of collision is high. Question 2: To succeed at the game, you'll need to play it multiple times to understand what needs to be done in maximising the opportunity. The tips and hints given after each game is helpful in understanding the rules of the game. From the game I learnt that experience is important in order to get better at the game, by playing the game multiple times I am able to understand the dynamics and the trade-offs and decisions that needed to be made. Question 3: It would be useful to know the hidden rules of the game, for example does more knowledge result in a lower risk of collision, how does raising the community affect the impact of a collision? These tips only came out after the end of a game, it would be interesting to see how my decision making would have changed from the start if I had all the information in hand before starting the game. I would also find it helpful to have a real-time reporting gauge that shows me the proportion of funds used to date on knowledge, on protection and on insurance, having this would be useful in my decision making. 