6965212

Using scientific research,
estimations and know-how risk management aided in the assessment and oftentimes
protection of the pod community. Similar to real life scenarios, where there’s
a constant need of medical, scientific and managerial skills, the timing and
impact of destruction are many times unknown. We can consider solving an isolated
problem but is that sufficient? 

Matters of increased risks
included the lack of financial assistance, lack of accurate information
regarding the time and probability of an event occurring (in this case
disaster) and the lack of further protection from the meteor. This reminds me
of the Tsunami that killed thousands of people years ago. It came without
warning, sweeping families and homes many of which were never the same again. The
game reminds us of the importance of land-use planning, technical measures,
emergency planning, crisis management, recovery support mechanisms and
insurance. Vulnerable areas face more environmental thus the need for risk
assessment and hazard assessment. Its obvious manmade works cannot compare to
natural disasters. Luckily for me, I was able to utilize the $175 premium to cover
75% of collateral damage.  Sadly, persons
view insurance as an expensive option where many choose to not opt for it. I also tracked the movement of the meteor and the possible strike by the meteor. Being near the coast, the developer also must consider wave damages or even hurricane. Living in a  hurricane prone area, I've seen people take disaster preparedness very lightly. The result usually is huge damages ans the lack of finances to repair the property. The insurance aid was received quickly. Initially, I found the game a bit confusing. The aim of the game was disaster preparedness, protection and recovery. Insurance and meteor tracking were the only protection measures available. Additionally, I did not understand the glow. Some levers go up as protection but no protection measure is noticeable. The pod upgrades were not well explained. The grass was appealing but is it functional for the development. Collaboration between developers, designers and management should also be included in the game. To play the game again, I would develop the property slower instead of constructing the entire site simultaneously.To add to the game, I would develop the community further away from the water. Persons would become frantic as we experience in real life and the need for food and sanitary conditions after the strike. The communication channel would be interesting during the disaster. To change some of the game, I would add more protection alternatives and add people that live in the pod. I definitely understood the work of the disaster recovery personnel. I also learnt the importance of research and predictions before and during disasters. In the article "Preparation, Enforcement and Development of Disaster plans, the author highlights few areas we can follow. These include consistency with higher level plan decisions

Consideration of natural constraintsSocio-economic viabilityCompatibility of land use directionsFeasibility of the planApplicability of the planSt Lucia's Ministry of Public Works and Settlements suggest:Appropriately trained and qualified technical staff in planning and building departments to carry out plan review and inspection  Appropriate facilities and equipment for the storage and use of map and plan materials  Enforcement authority and administrative and political support for removal of non-conforming structures Emergency relief operations
concerns the community holistically. The group as a whole, meeting physical
needs of food, clothes, and shelter and individually where assessment of the individual’s
social and psychological well-being post-disaster. The report further recommends
incorporating land management, planning, regulation systems and
sustainable implementations of vulnerable zones. Risk developments is vital for community growth. 