696570

The role in
this game is to have the responsibility about making decisions in order to
manage risk by the best way to protect and save the virtual community. The
first time I played, I was very confused about the game. I understood that the
most important thing was to make the best decisions to protect my community,
but I didn't know how to do it by the best way. I thought the meteorites always
could damage my community. It was for that reason I tried to have the best
insurance every time. Perhaps I decided to have unnecessary high protection.
After playing more times, I could test that it is very important to know the new
risk situation before decide to hire insurance. This game it’s a good way to
realise how important is the risk management and who information allows us to
make the best decisions. Risk management allows taking advantage of critical
situations. In this game, I could check how the community was growing by making
good decisions, investing in insurance, knowledge or protection. In spite of
that, obstacles appeared when meteorites damaged all community building. Lack
of information about how the meteorite can damage the community before it hits
the ocean was a critical situation.

When I
played the first time, I knew that the most important thing is to check every
meteorite before made decisions. It’s very important to have insurance, but
also to build knowledge and protection. Playing more times, I discovered that
protection and knowledge allow more confidence. Other important question is to
invest in knowledge, building new constructions and upgrading others. It’s very
important to know when you have the investment break even in order to stop
spending money when it doesn't give you enough ROI. Risk management is so
important to develop this virtual community. It consists of preparation and
coping. Every time I played a new game, I acquired new knowledge and this allows
me made best decisions about insurance or protection.

For develop
a new version of the game, I suggest to register every meteorite experience and
show us key information about how it damaged our community before a new and
similar meteorite appears. It’s very important to have references to compare
different experiences and check which of theirs are similar between them. Other
thing is to know why the meteorite damages 0% the community. The question is:
Why? Having insurance? Investing in knowledge or protection? Perhaps also it
could be a good way to develop this game improving the quality of the decisions
sharing risk experience with others players. For instance, having a discussion
forum space into the game, allowed players making decision better.

