696810

This game was about two things:
development and managing the risks associated with development. The role of
risk management was critical. It was not possible to progress in developing the
community without managing risks. 

The game encouraged players to invest
money and take on some risk, whilst ensuring that money was spent wisely on
construction and protection. The player had to choose how much to spend on: 

a)     
‘Research’
(knowledge), in order to improve understanding of possible shocks (meteor strikes) and their
potential outcomes (flooding). 

b)     
Raising
sea defenses (protection) in order to reduce the probability or magnitude of losses
from negative shocks (flooding, destruction etc.).

c)      
Insurance
in order to transfer resources from good to bad times, or to those most in need
in bad times (destroyed houses).

If money was spent too rapidly on
construction, this was punished. Equally, overspending on raising flood defence
or research led to failure. 

There were more subtle trade-offs
involved too. It was questionable whether it was better to spend money on
insurance, which did partly mitigate the costs of reconstruction, or to keep
back the cash – i.e. to self-insure – to spend more precisely (including
reconstruction) after a meteor strike.

Some of the benefits of risk
management were apparent very quickly. Because increased development bought
increased benefits, the basic level of infrastructure needed to be protected at
all costs. Other benefits were only appreciated later. For example, raising the
flood defences was a good thing to do early on but the benefits were most
appreciated some time into the game.

I played the game several times
and began to appreciate the nuances only after several attempts (and losses!).
For instance, after initially spending a lot of money ‘researching’ every
comet, I learnt to target the more dangerous comets and decreased attention to
the rest.

The main things I learned were
that:

a)      You
had to proceed gradually rather than rush the development. This was especially
the case after the early phases of construction.

b)      You
had to balance risks and rewards in the face of imperfect information and time
pressure.

c)       You
had to use your time wisely and take advantage of periods where cash was low to
think about how you wanted to spend your money next because there was little
time to do so whilst you were spending it!

I live in Oxford in the UK. Each of
the last few years, we have experienced severe flooding. Ironically, part of
the reason for this is overdevelopment. The natural flood plains we have can no
longer do the job they would have done if left undeveloped. Building roads,
railways and housing can actually raise the risk of flooding. I would add a
layer of complexity to higher levels in the game to illustrate that, once a
relatively high level of development has been reached, development needs to be
managed to prevent the problem of over- or ‘mis’-development. In general
increased infrastructure is good but it must be managed thoughtfully.

