6970612

1.      
Risk management
in the game permits the player to prepare the village to address the negative
shocks, the comets. The three options respond to different strategies: with research
(knowledge), I was able to gain time after the comet collision, reducing the
damages of the wave, in the game is a short-term strategy because it protects
the village only for that specific comet. The insurance is an effective
long-term strategy, to be chosen in the initial phase of the level for a
long-lasting protection. Raising the altitude of the village (protection) is between
the first two, offering you a valid defence by pushing the button two three
time per level. The key is a correct combination of the three approaches, which are more profitable in different times of the game: a good insurance from the initial phases of the level is crucial to incentivate development and observe the possible comets with less concern. Knowlegde when an extremely desructive comet is approaching the planet, is important to increase your post-collision reaction capacities. Protection, in the game, is less easy to define, but it permits the player not to be threatened by minor comets, increasing the time in which he can take care of the village development.

2.      
I played
the game a couple of times. What I progressively learned is something that I
should have already known from the lesson: the uncertainty of the risk. The
first time, I relied too much on the information on the comets, trying to react
to their upcoming impact. Later, I started to prepare the village for a very
negative scenario in advance, without paying excessive attention to which type
of comets were in the sky. In the same time, I took care of the development,
being sure that the bar was green. In this way, even when a catastrophic wave
hit the village, the damages were limited, and the development just briefly
interrupted.

3.      
I would
change the knowledge option. I found it unrealistic that investing in research
would have given a benefit limited to that comet. Research is, by far, the strategy
that gives its outcome more on the long run than immediately after it is launched.
While observing the comet, the player cannot improve neither the development of
his village, nor the other defences, so it is a risky decision that should be
rewarded with a higher output in the log-term. Contrarily, protection is more
time sensible than how much it is shown in the game. Anti-tsunami protections
require constant maintenance and, even when they are effective, they can face
serious damages after the waves hit them. Therefore, I would suggest decreasing
the level of the barrier more intensively after any wave. 