6971229

My
reflections on the Game:

While the game was great to
test my reflexes for a computer game- highlighting the concept of risk and
opportunity, it failed to teach me much about any strategy for building a resilient
community through protection, knowledge and insurance totally leaving out the social cultural aspects. It is simply a Computer Game and like any other Computer game, the
more I played the better I got at reaching the higher levels. As I am not a
computer game player, it took me some time to get the hang of it which as a working professional was valuable time lost.

 Even then, I liked the concept of the game
and played it many time, some for just trying to reach the higher level and at
other times to test an idea of doing it differently. Risk Management was all about identification, assessing and prioritising of risk to the development activities and well being of the people and taking appropriate steps through instruments like protection and insurance. As per my understanding
from the game the choices for development –planning, budget and timeline depended
on funds availability. While there is unpredictability of the natural hazard like
comet falling and neither the frequency nor the time of occurrence of comet is
known  it is important that our knowledge  be enhanced for better preparedness and mitigation through monitoring, analysing and then taking action. Insurance is available to offer
protection from the risks, but insurance choices are difficult as it involves
economic trade-off’s and hence the % of insurance had to be carefully
thought, keeping in mind the development as well as protection needs.
Lack of knowledge about the comets frequency and severity of occurrences lead
to over or under insurance and similar was in the case with development
activities resulting is losses.The game tried to teach us how to
maintain a balance between knowledge, protection and insurance to adopt risk sensitive
development practices.

If the idea was to teach risk management,
I feel that the game will have to be reworked a bit to include parameters which
highlights the reasons for our wrong decisions. Further, loss or gain estimation
for each comet hit or missed comet strike should be added to provide us with a better
understanding of importance of risk management. The game is built on three
principles protection, insurance and knowledge. The tutorials need to be improved
as did not provide clear instructions and was not very clear about the protection
wall and the community linking through lighted circles/balls.

 Abha Mishra