6976675

I spent the
entire night playing at the game in order to pass the cruel level 4, but
unfortunately I didn't have success defeated by the natural events.

I developed
a number of different strategies for prevention and disaster relief, but
nothing I could against the events, both their causality and indeterminacy and
their cruelty  as happening in already
exhausted situations. 

And lacking
of the necessary resources to meet the emergency needs, I had to end the game. 

I tried to
optimize costs and performances on all fronts. 

Concerning
the community, I tried several strategies balancing the speculative growth of
the plots with the construction of the infrastructures designed to contain the
damages from waves. I also tried both a uniform growth strategy  or one  diversified per areas in order  to give priority to the plots developed in
protected areas far from the sea. 

I also
tried to invest in a smaller community  in a high-tech sustainable development. 

I used the
variability of the natural events to define the policies related to the
development of the safety infrastructure and the assets insurance.

In fact, I upgraded
the insurance policy in relation  to the
value of the assets: increasing coverage in case of harsh risk and high value
of the assets.

The major
problem resides in the forecast of comets : the analysis about its trajectory and
danger, although structured and streamlined, is inner based on unexpected and
the randomness, so that  doomsday predictions
do not actually occurred  other than
unforeseen catastrophic events. 

According
to the analysis on the trajectory of the comets ,  I decided to do the maintenance  of the barrier mechanism when damaged by waves
or to rise it up to increase the protection of assets and services of the community.
 The problems  with preventative measures are their costs.

 Also the astronomical analysis are costs
effective.

And we
should add costs for emergencies, recovery and reconstruction,  while the budget increases but slowly. I suspected
 that its increase was  even more slowly when a in a community  seriously damaged by the events. 

Definitely It’s
a sensible effort  reconstructing a plot
to get the same housing standards as before despite the insurance premium. 

In summa, it
happened to me that two or three comets with a low probability of impact and low
sensitivity hit my community and made minor damages about 20% each time : the
game was over as it was impossible to get the monetary recovery.

Just an
additional note:  I noticed that an
important role in managing disaster and recovery was played by the community with
a prompt response, the sympathetic al solidarity and an active effort in reconstructions;
it cuts costs but it is very effective . 

Personally,
I have played several times without ever exceeding level 4:  I reached the target playing on instinct
rather than thinking carefully about the effects of my decisions. Clearly a
hint of irrationality sometimes helps against randomness of natural events. 

To improve
the game, perhaps ,  I would distinguish
between  higher  costs of reconstruction based on  high-tech material technologically  more secure and resistant against natural
phenomena (no easily hit again) or lower costs of patches.

And perhaps
it would also be useful to post how to overcome the Level4!