6984112



The role of
risk management helped to make things not to be worse. It also helped them to
maximize the  raw materials at their  disposal. Also the fact that they were turned
down on the loan they wanted to apply is no reason why they should give up.
Because one should keep trying and importantly ‘try rightly’. Risk management
also helps to ensure that you are not just protected but well protected. Also
learned that no one is an island, so no one can do it alone. Everyone needs
what is called combined effort. Combined effort here is divided into two; in
kind and financial support. Being learned is also one key to reducing g life
risk, in the sense that once you have money it is easier to solve basic needs.
Also taking the right initiative at the right time is a key solution to risk
management. Risk preparation does not have immediate effect but after a while. 

More so instead
of depending on the government to do certain things, its advised that the
community should come together to see what they do together. Also no one is
less important in a community, everyone is important. Communities also needs
link to government, parastatals and other important organizations that play key
role in good living. Good living is good planning with the future in mind while doing something today.What I learnt
in this game are much and some are listed above. I learnt that we should not
take risk management measures when it is almost late. That risk management
should be able to take decisions ahead. I also learnt that insurance is a nice
option for securing one’s investment, assets and project; because no one knows
when natural or unplanned disasters can take place. I learnt that it’s better
to be insured even if at the end of it nothing bad happens to you. I also
learnt that it is good to study intended locations before moving over to that
location. I also learned it is good to take calculated risk and that for every
challenge that shows up in a community or country it is a form of opportunity
for a well organized and positive thinking person. Also learnt that thinking
ahead is winning ahead and more so having a passion to be a solution is one key
mindset to fight risk occurrences. 

 

If I am asked
to give additional solutions: I will say that a well structured protest to
reach the government through the support one of the government decision makers
is a faster way to get help from the government. The government are so busy
practically doing nothing but addressing things that in most cases don’t matter
as much. Because any solution that does not go in the area of live security,
shelter and food support is a 50% leadership. Also I will suggest that rich
people in a community should come together in solving basic community needs
around where they are like constant power supply transformer, good water
system, nice drainage system and developing sports arena where people can also
relax. Waiting for the government most times is a waste and an open cheque for
risk/natural disasters. Also the community should be able to raise an education
support initiative for people living in the same community. Lastly I will add
that security is key in having a peaceful community and should be part of a
community project.

