6989784

Risk management played an important role in the game. We needed to prepare for risks and cope up with their effects by researching, purchasing insurance and protection the island. Without effective risk management the island would have to face the adversities of the flood and get damaged. Most of the resources/ money would be spent on restoration of the island rather than for developing more plots and upgrading the existing buildings.The important choice which I made was to spend more and more on protection rather than spending on insurance or putting time into gaining knowledge i.e. researching. This was because if my island was protecting, I wouldn't need to spend money on insurance or time on insurance. Even if i spent on insurance I would have to bear some costs so I spent on protection instead.While preparing for risks and spending money on that I lost money but after increasing my protection to the maximum level, I earned a lot of money. In the initial stages I spent more and more on protection and later i had the available time to spend on development. Development was slow in the initial stages but very fast during the stages later on.I played the more than once. At first I did not spend a lot of money on protection and bought the cheapest insurance policies. I spent money only on development and tried to develop all the plots as soon as I could. But, later I changed my playing style and started spending more on protection. I stopped spending on insurance at started to focus on protection to such an extent that development is not compromised. I stopped trying to develop all the plots and instead started developing the existing plots more and more and branching out to new plots slowly.The three main things that I learnt from the game are:Effective Risk management is an essential tool for development.Money and resources need to be spent wisely so that the development process does not slow down and so that resources are spent on both developing and managing risks.I learnt that if protection is available against a certain risk then acquiring protection against that risk is better than insuring it if acquiring protection is more cost effective.I live in India where a lot depends on the weather and political situations. So , if I were to  add/change a thing in the game, I would  propose to add a feature in which the weather and political situation of the island changes occasionally and the situation affects the rate of development in the bar given on the screen and affect the time taken to earn money and to build or upgrade existing plots. I would propose related risk management option related to the situation like that of index insurance or an option to control the political situation by keeping all the residents of the city happy.Thank You.Nitin Wadhwa(15 year old 11th grader from  Lucknow, India)p.s. I am sorry if there are grammatical errors. English is not my native language.)