6995831

                Playing
the Risk Horizon game was an interesting experience in terms of enforcing
principles from the Risk and Opportunity MOOC class. I played the game once
along with the tutorial, and I reached level 4 before I decided to stop playing
the game. While playing the game, I was very keen on risk management and was
always conscious of the potential disaster of an asteroid strike. I allocated
my resources primarily to ensuring I had a large amount of time to network with
other communities in the event of an Asteroid strike. In addition to investing
money into raising the platform, I also spent considerable amounts of time
researching the dangerous comets. I felt that this was the best strategy to
protect my colony on my first play through and I was fortunate enough to not
experience any damage as a result of this strategy.

                If I
were to play the game again, I would focus more heavily on buying insurance. If
I had purchased insurance, I would be less likely to invest money and time into
raising the platform and have more free time to conduct research and more money
to build my colony. By avoiding insurance and investing money into raising the
platform, I restricted my rate of growth and the level of all of my buildings. Investing
in insurance would have given me more confidence to take chances and grow
faster, which in turn would make the game easier to beat.

                If I
could add one feature to this game, I would add a scientific prediction feature
which allows investment of money initially to predict comet activity throughout
the playing time of the level. By investing in research and receiving the
severity and chance of hit for upcoming comets, it would be possible to better allocate
money and thus be more efficient. For example, if a very high severity and risk
of impact comet is coming later in the game, it is a worthy investment to raise
the platform and invest in a high level of insurance. If no severe asteroids
are approaching, there is limited value insurance and protecting the colony and
funds should be allocated for rapid growth instead. This is a technique which
is widely used in predicting natural disasters and tracking the flu so
decisions about allocating funds can be made. I think this is a natural
progression for the game which accurately models Canada, where I am from.