6999795

1.   When I play
the game, I learned that the risk management play a very important role in
terms of reaching the development goal, because when we try to reach our
development goal, there are threats out there that can cause severe damage to
our development progress. And when this threats materialized, it will push us to
back to some point, or even worse, pushing us back to point zero and force us
to start all over again from the very beginning! All of the development that we
already made become useless and all the money we’ve spent will be gone in vain.

In playing the
game, in the earlier levels (1st – 2nd level) I chose to gain as much knowledge
as I could about the threats (in this case about the comet hits), what kind of
comets that have the highest probablity to cause severe damage, how often or
how much the probability the comets would hit at the first place, etc. Besides,
I also increase to protection as much as I could.

At the next
levels, I already got the knowledge about the threats well enough, so I spent
my resources more on gaining protection and buy suitable insurance for the kind
if threats that I face.

In that way,
my trade-offs are in the beginning I faced some difficulties to manage my
resource allocation. How much should I spent for research, protection, insurance,
and also the development itself. But once I got the adequate knowledge about
the threats, I can make decision easily and could focus more on the
development. This way, I could develop faster and faster on each level.

2.   I experienced
the role of risk management that I explain at point 1 since i played the game
three times, and yes, I played it very differently at the first time, the
second time, and the third time. 

The first time,
I was very development-focus oriented. I tried to fulfill my development goal
as fast as I can, then I have no money left to buy some insurance or give an
adequate protection. Yes I still made some protection, but not too much. The
problem comes when the comets hit. Many of my properties suffered some damage and
I didn’t have enough money to repair all of them. The result is I failed very early. 

The second
time, I was very afraid getting hit by the comets thus I bought highest type of
insurance, and I gave the maximum protection. But the problem is, then I didn’t
have enough time to catch up with my development goal thus I also failed.

The third
time, I have learned. The lesson that I
learned is “IT IS IMPORTANT TO KEEP THE RISK MANAGEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT BALANCE”.
The risk management should be done in an adequate amount to protect the asset
that you develop, but also you may not too afraid thus you are not able to
catch-up with your goal. You still have to take some risk in order to
make some development and catch-up with your goal.

Another lesson
that I learned from the game :

-       In order to
make a balance and adequate risk management, we must spent some times to gain
knowledge about the threats that we face.

-       Connection
with the neighbourhood is very important to help us to cope any damage in times
when the threats materialized.

3.   My proposal
will be add some population problem to the game. It will make the game
much more interesting. Besides, it is already become major problem in many
developing countries around the world nowadays.