7010897

The role of risk management in my opinion was to place strong foundations in terms of protection and development. If you have a strong level of protection, then you can reduce the magnitude of damage, of course, in order to have an adequate level of protection you need knowledge to better understand how the “shocks” will affect the community and how to best prepare for it. Once all of this is done, you have the foundations needed to employ the insurance that is better suited to the situation, since the information for the transfer of resources comes from these foundations.Because of
time constraints, I couldn't play the game as many times as I wanted, so I only
played until I reached level 4. After the first time, I decided to invest less
in protection as it was too time consuming and affected my progress and
development meter. However, I was still stuck in the first level several tries
later, despite investing on insurance and knowledge and a bit on development via
the pods.  

It wasn't until
I started investing more on development, like building every pod and upgrading
them that I started to pass the levels. That investment increased my wealth and
development meter, which in turn helped me invest more on development and
insurance, and let me have more time to observe the comets and thus, increase
my protection through the knowledge gained. 

Unfortunately
the cost was the protection obtained from the lever, as it was too time
consuming as I progressed through the levels and I valued knowledge over
protection. The comets were too frequent and numerous for me to dedicate much
time towards protection. 

The
consequences of this risk were immediately showed. Even with insurance and
knowledge the damage was high. At first, I could afford it because I had enough
wealth to repair all the pods and recover the damages on the development meter,
but as the comets became more frequent I didn't have enough time to repair the
damage that was continuously brought by them since my protection was low. Like
I mentioned above, time constraints prevented me from finding that balance
between protection, development, knowledge and insurance. 

A change I would
propose on a new version of the game, one that represents the risk management
choices that matters in the place that I live, is to simplify the way to gain
protection. I mention this because I live in the metropolitan area of Mexico
City, where, because of the geographical position, we are affected by natural phenomena
such as frequent earthquakes and heavy rain from tropical storms and hurricanes
from either the Pacific or Atlantic oceans. If the way protection is gained is
made more efficient and faster, the damage costs would be way lower even if it
means that the protection would be more expensive. Where I live, the necessary knowledge
is available, but we keep making the same mistakes and seem surprised that we
are affected by the same things over and over again like floods in certain
areas and earthquake damages made from: trees planted in sidewalks that
obstructs people and are on populated sections; utility poles that fall or sway
in a strong matter and by default, cause blackouts in the areas most affected
by the phenomena; and rundown buildings that weren't made to resist earthquakes
despite the previous knowledge that the area is more susceptible to earthquake
damages. Protection is definitely the aspect that needs to be worked on in real
life and according to my own experience and lack of balance, the game. 

    