7021866

I absolutely loved the Risk Horizon's game. I played it dozens of times and found it provided a simplistic, but realistic representation of risk management.The role of risk management in the game was to figure out how to spend the limited dollars available.  I found the most effective choice was to build the protection wall immediately and skip insurance. The earlier in the game the protection wall was raised, the more good it did.  I'll discuss insurance later on.I played the game numerous times.  The first few times, I toyed with ideas like not building until after the first major shock hit, or buying full insurance every time. As I changed my approach to be more successful, I stopped buying insurance and relied on the protection wall and research.  I quickly realized that the most important thing I needed to do to succeed was start.  The quicker I built up the village, the better I did in the game. I think there are two important lessons in this finding.  First, you cannot be afraid to start.  Being afraid to start because of the risk of danger or failing is not a path to success in any project.  This was not a lesson I expected to gain from the game.The next lesson I learned was how ineffective the insurance was.  I reviewed the numbers after each round, and found that the damage being caused by each strike, was lower than the amount I was spending on insurance.  This is one aspect of the game that was purely logical.  The numbers did not support buying insurance. As I played more, I learned how the protection wall worked.  This is something I didn't understand at first.  Eventually, I learned that if I could bump the wall up to about half-way immediately, it would protect me throughout the game.  I also learned how to use the neighborhood effect.  That factor was not clear to me initially either.So, the three lessons I learned from the game were:  1) don't let the fear of failure stop you from starting, 2) when numbers are available, always do the math, and finally 3) make sure all factors are understood and be willing to change your plan as you understand them.  I learned these from the game, but they very easily translate into any real life situations. If I were to make one change to the game, I think I would create a second type of disaster. Something that has a different type of consequence that adds a completely different layer of complexity.  Overall, however, I think the game is very good as it is.I think this is a wonderful game for learning the tradeoffs between different type of protection and levels of risk-reward.  I really appreciated the fact that the lessons are universally applicable.  Very good!