7022473

1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?Risk management was represented in the game by displaying conflicting actions that could be performed in differing quantities that would either advantage or disadvantage the outcomes of the risk in differing levels - i.e the effect of a flood/tidal on a growing community from a wave caused by comets crashing into the water. Initially the choices I made were all for insurance and protection - I made little research into the comets anticipating that excellent preparation would protect against almost any risk. I should have invested more time into research of the comets as preparation is required in risk management, however, it is important to understand as best as possible what it is you're preparing for. The preparation for risk meant that the development of the community was slowed, however, when risk was prevented community development was able to continue unabated. 2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?I played the game more than once. After several trials I ended up reducing investment in the raising of the plateau and putting more research into the comets. Once I had achieved the goal score for the level, that is when i invested more into the plateau.The main thing I learned from the game is that whilst a balance must be struck between prevention and anticipation of a risk, investing time into knowing and understanding more about the risks to be faced will enable available finances to be applied appropriately.3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?The country in which I live has a democratic government with their constituents to consider - if I was to align the game closer with the community in which I live I would make every decision that the game player makes take several months or years to occur! Complacency and delay by Government or authoritative bodies can severely impact on actions taken in a community. This change would be reflected in the game as a time delay for each action taken - i.e add 4 seconds prior to building a housing unit to allow for the 'council review of planning application' and/or charge different amounts for the research of the comet depending on which government department is performing the research.