7028704

In this game you learned for risk management you need knowledge
and preparedness skills for responding to any risk, your protection plan and
its strength, rescue and coping speed to any risk and threat.

Collection information and capacity building according to
your knowledge and forecasting, preparedness capacity responding skill, coping
and recovering are serial program and strategy.

Any risk may be singular and partial impaction or complex
and sever consequences, short term or immediate or long term  such as earthquake or tsunami or drought ,economy
disability or political unrest so you must bring all item with research
,studying and continuous monitoring and determination in your risk management .

Allocate sufficient budget and finical ressource for building
capacity ,you need institution with sufficient resources ,human resources
,trained and skillful in both  management
and planning ,field operation .

Flexibility in all risk management for coping with any risk
and crisis  ,upgrading power for scaling
up responding recovering and coping.

Tsunami in Japan is the high model for risk management  it consists of many risk and crisis from
earth quake hit and its tolls ,displaces people large devastation and high
atomic  risk and danger with beyond of
local and national level .

Power of Japan risk management were appreciated in global level,
rescues operation for people and control of damaged atomic station   removed
high risks and catastrophic event.

      Deployed special force in all field from rescue
operation to control of atomic catastrophic with high skilled human resources indicates
high and vision preparedness capacity.

High Speed and precision comprehensive cooperation and coordination
between all national institutions are bright points in Japan risk management in
fucishima tsunami as complex  crises with
high risk.

Risk management is essential toll for development evert
shock impact on all entire of community in local ,regional and even
international level.

Today various risks such as natural  disasters , regional conflicts, economy shock
 disability  in every size may be scale up and break out in
wide scale such and economy rescission in European country Greek and Spain  or east Asia economy shock which never
limited in their territory.

Health risk such as bird flu has happened in 2003 in East Asia
country such as China and Vietnam, Thailand has economy Impact in all the world
.

Water scarcity and drought in The Africa and Asia is another
risk has the world  impaction for food
insecurities ,disease burden ,unrest ,immigration for all developing countries and
developed country as well as .

Increasing illegal immigration because of  looking for better life ,job and safety bring
serious consequences for developed 
country such as Italy, Australia ,Germany France and Britain  are all are the risk developed and industrial
contry face because of drought in The other continent Such as The Asia and Africa  which may be bring mass economy ,political and
security consequences .

Comprehensive risk management including precise information,
well responds plan and infrastructures and institution  and coping and recovering power in every  inescapable risk management program