7040049

This game is evidently all about
risk management, reflected in its three main components: knowledge (research),
protection and insurance. Knowledge is defined as the gathering of information
and making judgments about risk. Protection means to influence the likelihood
and magnitude of risk, and thus lowers the probability and size of negative outcomes
and heightens the probability of positive ones; while insurance refers to the
transfer of resources between good and bad periods, and thus serves as a
cushion of sorts against the blow from adverse shocks, represented by the
comets in the game. Definitions obtained from Fundamentals of Risk Management
Chapter I, pp 63-68.

The tricky part is to strike a
balance between investing in risk preparations (portrayed as protection,
knowledge and research in the game) and investing in development (illustrated as
developing the pods and raising their level).  

Protection and research were most
useful, as knowledge empowered my little pod community and gave me a better
idea of what I was coming up against. The choice of which insurance to take was
always tricky, so I decided to take the one that suited my financial
capabilities most, leaving some margin (setting money aside for saving) for investing
in damage coping. If no risk preparation measures were taken, development initially
skyrocketed, but all of this was destroyed after the devastating effects of no
risk management investment were evidenced by the costs, both in time and in
money, of repairing the pods and for the community to restore its financial output,
which had to be used in damage fixing instead of community development. So risk
management did not always have immediate effects, but long-term it allowed the
community to grow more rapidly and steadily. 

The first time, I tried to invest
as much as I could into development. This bode well for the first level, but
when I got to the second one, it stopped working after unplanned for comets
started striking the pods and impeding their development. So I started to pay
more attention to risk management, without losing sight of development. I also
started to choose more appropriate moments to invest in each area; for example,
when there were no comets around I quickly invested in development and a bit of
protection, and when a comet appeared I changed my priorities to research and
insurance. When a comet damaged the community, I prioritized coping with the damage
before investing in anything else. 

The main things I learned from this
game were 

·        
Risk management isn’t simple nor straightforward:
there are many factors to take into account; such as the amount of money
available for investment, how to distribute it in an equilibrated manner that
will neither hamper development too much nor leave the community unprotected.

·        
Judgments cannot be taken without appropriate research
and knowledge to base them on.

·        
Protection is crucial in diminishing the blows from
unplanned for catastrophes, it is quite expensive but cost-effective long-term.

·        
Insurance allows you to cope with damage a lot more
effectively; as the costs would be too high to deal with in the bad periods. It
is indeed a cushion to fall on when the blows from adverse shock come around.

If I were to develop a new version of the
game, I would add community cohesion as another of the risk management
preparation options, as for example where I live this is the way my city
managed to re-emerge from a huge earthquake back in 1985. The community itself
also has its own resources and can be the difference between a quick recovery
and a long, tedious and difficult one. 

