7040219

The role of risk
management was to avoid large damages and have enough precautions in case
adverse situation were presented. Some of the way the risk could be controlled
or the effects could be diminished was by investing in infrastructure, raising
the level of the pods so the waves caused by the impact of a comet would not
reach the village. Another alternative used was to buy insurance, the level of
insurance I chose this time was the highest one because although the goods were
scarce the probability of a comet has been quite high and without further
information I chose to have the highest insurance which turned out to be
beneficial. Not only were the pods repaired faster and at a lower costs but
also there were other expenses covered by this insurance. I played the game
only once, what I would do if I were to play it a second time would be to start
investing on research to gain more knowledge of the frequency of the natural
disasters the village of Alora was exposed. I would also invest from the
beginning on building the pods on a higher level to avoid damage from the waves
caused by the comet. That is, I would raise the level of protection from the
start, that way I would be more confident to buy a less expensive insurance
package.

As someone who lives
in a country like Mexico, with high exposure to natural disasters such as earthquakes,
hurricanes, droughts or floods. It is extremely important to invest in
protection, raise more secured villages and buildings but it is also important
to have enough capital save to increase and improve the level of reaction in
case of adverse situations. For instance, constructions laws allow us to feel
more secured towards the stability of our buildings, however we remain
uncertain in case of a high intensity earthquake, as a 8 richter scale
earthquake could be. The government needs to create tools that can allow an
efficient way to obtain capital in order to avoid further damage in case of
extreme situation, such as “natural disaster bonds”. The game could have
different tools used as insurance.

Another aspect the game could use to have a better understanding of risk management are the
social situations that also affect peoples’ behavior. Besides representing the
menaces of natural disasters it would also be useful to take into account
security and corruption issues.The behavior of a population can drastically
change and be influenced by its perception and trust on the government. 