7049707

Risk Horizon

This is a nice game. At the beginning, it is hard to find
the way to understand the point. Maybe one of the lessons is that trial and
error makes us to take better decisions as long as we learn from the past. Then,
when you have understood the game, many factors are involved for a success; for
example: the more that you observe or research a possible risk, the more you
are prevented from it, so you become able to diminish the effects or damages.
Another point is: you have to take decisions and act quickly to prevent and to
attend the result of a certain risks. One more: you have to control and
organize a community to support themselves and built a shield against the force
of destruction of any given risk. Another: always have assurance for any kind
of risk, and always try to cover more than expected, you don’t know the damage
that can be brought with it. And last: be patient, don’t spend your whole budget
if you are in a place full of risks or with continuous presence of them; as
long as you are financially strong, the more effective the action of rebuild,
and more quickly.

What is the role of risk management in this game? Very Clear:
to take the best decision in a certain moment of crisis. To be prepared, to
stay alerted all the time. To follow and search to know better. To anticipate
the risk.

I played more than once this game. Every time I took
different and better decisions. Every time I learned new details. At first, I
focused on building, then I realized the importance of preventig with assurance; then I found than every new level brings faster and dangerous risks,
I had to think and move quickly and took my choices faster and faster. Finally,
I had to administrate the budget, to rebuild and to keep assurance in the
highest priority. It was important to organize the construction, and to add
more levels to increase my points. The clock is very important to reach the
goal in the given time.

My new version of this game would include people. The game
is about buildings. Reality is about lives and money. It is important to take
decisions on how many people can live or work or visit each building, what to
do in a case of risk, how to handle a situation of risk protecting people’s
lives and assets. Maybe it would add complexity, but I think it would be more realistic. In a city, for example a very populated city, the risks grow as population is more concentrated. The available space to move is very important to avoid collateral damages, like fire as result of a natural disaster, or things falling from the buildings, or cars that can not move, or the panic between people. Into the buildings it could be better to have one secure place with a better construction, or safe places in the subways, or buildings specially designed to receive people in danger. Another thing is to organize brigades of well prepared people to take control of the situation in a case of panic or disaster, people as firemen, policemen, doctors, volunteers. Those things take time, effort, money. It is better to have all the possible situations viewed before any of those happen.To manage the risk we need to know what do we have, what is important and what not so. What's worth to protect. Anticipation needs the knowledge of every detail and change of the material and social development at any time.