7061812

This game is a metaphor for the risk management concepts that are discussed in chapter 1. The concepts discussed are: knowledge, prevention, insurance, and coping. In the game, knowledge is reflected as research on the incoming meteors, prevention is represented by jacking your community up on stilts, insurance is literally insurance, and coping is represented by physically connecting the communities in the aftermath of a meteor crash. Each has costs, in terms of time or currency or both, which must be traded against costs of developing the communities and against each other. Too much preparation caused developmental stagnation (time ran out before you reached the developmental goal), and too little caused damage from disaster that halted development entirely. The trade-off metaphor in the game is really quite marvelous. The time limit and developmental goal for each level represents the impetus that individuals, companies, and governments have to put as many resources as possible into development, while the risk of bankruptcy, failure, or negative events outside your control is represented by meteors that have only a possibility, not a certainty, of causing damage. Thus, a balance must be struck between concrete returns (development) and theoretical losses (theoretical because each meteor has less than 100% chance to hit).This game was robust in that it not only taught about the 4 elements of risk management, but also about the danger of spreading development thin. The first time I played, I built communities in all available locations as quickly as possible, which resulted in too much divided attention and resources, particularly after damage occurred. Playing a 2nd time, I built only 3 communities and upgraded them as early as possible. This allowed me more time for research and prevention, and it also led to developmental goals finishing more quickly. These lessons about resource allocation can be applied beyond the game. With few resources, it is best to focus on making fewer entities more robust, rather than having many somewhat vulnerable ones. The game lacks an element of unexpected risk. Throughout Risk Horizon, meteors threaten to land and cause damage to the community, but the issue is well known. So well known, in fact, that with adequate research, you can predict exactly how much prevention is necessary to entirely avoid damage each time. In real life, there are expected, reoccurring risks, but there are also unexpected, often calamitous occurrences that simply defy prediction. In order to better duplicate real-life scenarios, Risk Horizon should have one or more unavoidable and unexpected risks that the player must cope with after the fact. Perfect prediction and prevention is not realistic. 