7062032



Risk management was key to success in this game. The
development was progressing in an environment that was prone to natural
disasters (strikes by comets). In this environment having an effective risk
management strategy was a must. The development involved costs in the initial phase
though it quickly started paying off. Similarly, risk management also involved
costs, but it paid off in terms of limited or no destruction from natural
disasters. There were three tools for risk management: research, insurance and
protection. Research revealed the probability and severity of strike. Insurance
was available in different levels and could be bought depending on the
available resources. Similarly, the amount of protection could be changed
depending upon the forecasted severity of strikes. Clearly, each of these
choices involved costs and involved setting aside resources that could have
been used for development. In the immediate phase risk management seemed to
impede development by setting aside resources, but in a later phase risk
management seemed to have paid off when there were limited or no losses because
of the adoption of a sound risk management strategy.

I played the game more than once and I believe that my
efficiency increased in subsequent trials of the game. For one, I was more
willing to adopt insurance despite the seemingly high costs. Further I was able
to allocate resources properly by focussing on research. For example, if
research showed that there was no possibility of strike, then I could divert
resources from protection to development. Further I learnt time management e.g.
I knew when to be on high level protection mode and when to be relatively at
ease. In short, I was better at deciding the trade offs.

If I were to design a new version of the game, I would
propose an addition to the existing risk management system. I would introduce
the tool of institutional capability. Building this tool would involve
resources and at the same time one key input of this tool would be a rating
denoting the way in which prior disasters have been handled. Thus institutional
capability would involve some fixed expenditure per unit time and may also
provide some resources at the onset of disaster. The rate of growth of
institutional capacity should be linked to the cumulative scores of how
previous disasters have been handled. If a disaster has been handled badly
(based on some loss parameter), the cumulative score would decrease. The
objective of adding this tool to the risk management mechanism is to reflect on
the collective and institutional learning curve.

