7065722

This is a very good game that shifts your knowledge and skills from the
abstract level about risk management to reality through this simulation which connects
the main two parts of risk management: protection and coping. 

In this game, to achieve success by moving from one level to the next, it
was important to use risk management by sustaining balance among  search, protect and insurance. I started with
building the pods, and directly when there is a comes I tried to know the
severity and chances of hits in order to build my protection scale to be in
line with the severity  level. 

I can add that I used insurance in cases where there is high severity and
keep eyes all the time receiving more information about the level of severity. 

When I started the game I didn’t notice the importance of upgrading the
pods which was my focus in the rest of the game and which helped me to be
prepared to face any hit. 

A new thing I learned from this game is the importance of protection level
to be in line of severity level and the tradeoff between the different
components of risk management. Some time there is a need to focus on the
protection level but sometimes you need to use your resource to have insurance especially
when the severity is high. In addition to the importance of quick cope after
the hit to be prepared for any potential future hits. 

There is a few comments and recommendation to develop this game. The first
is more explanation and orientation about the game. The information provided on
the website is not sufficient. For me, I understood the game after I went
through the reflections and comments from colleagues who practiced the game. 

The second comment is to have it more visuals to represent real case. As an
example when I built or upgrade pods, what this means in reality? Is it more infrastructures?
More qualified human resources? Is it an early warning system? Or what is it? 

Lastly, when you understand the game it’s easy to move from one level to
the next in an easy way which raises a question about using the game to measure
the participants’ knowledge and skills in risk management? 

But, with respect to the above comments, still it was a good opportunity
to have fun and new experience in risk management. 