7074025

1. The role of risk management in the game is  to administer the different elements that affect the capacity of a
community to prevent and cope with risks. By playing with the time and economic resources that you have you can see the impact of using those resources in the overall development of the town, and so it helps you understand the direct relationship between applying risk management and achieving development.Lack of resources and time would not allow to invest as much as wanted in knowledge, protection and insurance, or in two of them at the same time. Preparation for risk, allowed for development to occur. There is a need to pay attention
to different variables when doing so, and resources need to be managed properly because they are limited. For example, you may be working on achieving research which is going to increase the level of development of the town, but by doing so you are using time that you could be spending on something else.

2. As I continued playing I learnt how the
different elements were affecting development or how the lack of resources did
not allow me to do what I needed to do when it was more important to do it. The first times I played I was too focused in constructing durable houses, but then I realized that I was not saving resources for dealing with recovery. Later I tried purchasing the most expensive insurance but then I wouldn't have resources to construct better houses. And later i would spend too much time acquiring knowledge, but then didn't have time for anything else before the impact. Finally, I managed to understand all elements and combine them in order to achieve better results.

3. If I had to develop a new version of the
game I would just add a way to better understand the relation between cause and consequence, since some of them were not so intuitive for me. Some times I was not sure why I was earning money or why my city
developed suddenly. So it took me several games to be able to relate my actions to the consequences for development and even now, after 10 games, I would like to be able to better understand those connections. However, I believe the game really achieves its objectives since it is a great way to understand how you need to apply risk management understanding that resources are limited and that you can't do all.