7092096

Risk management plays an important role in the game as depending how effectively one manages different aspects of risk such as obtaining knowledge,preparation, insurance cover and community linkages and dependencies, one can go to higher levels and hence ensure the continuity of the community.The trade offs I confronted within the game are:1) Between knowledge and preparation. Preparing for a risk stopped production of research and hence made it difficult to reach higher levels.2) Between preparation, insurance and research. Because both require money and spending too much on both hampered establishing and upgrading pods inhibiting research, so one had to choose carefully.3) Between preparation and insurance. Taking shelter under both ways created great difficulty in progressing through levels.Preparing for risk in a big way affected development because research stops during preparation and hence leaves little time for research to progress. Also concentrating only on preparation had its side effects because if we concentrate only on preparation it takes a lot of time and money to reach the highest level of preparation which is simply unacceptable but if we stop midway and we are struck with highest severity and highest chance comets, whole research is destroyed. Hence appropriate choices need to be made. Preparing for risk in the initial stages did help development in later stages but it has to be managed carefully.The first time i played I did not know how to reduce damage through community linkages. But later on, i understood the links between the various choices. I tried playing only with insurance and sometimes only with preparation.  Both these approaches did not work in later stages. I learnt that in order for a successful community to exist and thrive, one needs to make well researched choices taking into account all aspects and safeties. One has to have prepared for the risk and also should have taken insurance because we cannot risk  the whole thing. meanwhile science should be encouraged so that we may make better choices to mitigate the effectivity of risk in future.we also need to establish proper connectivity between all communities so that help can reach on time and hence prevent greater losses. Whole communities are better equipped to deal with large scale disasters than individuals.I would only make incremental changes such as include a variety of risks, possible counter measures, and include various other measures which can be taken to reduce the effectivity of risk. Other cosmetic changes can be included but that would make it more resource intensive and more complex to play with and convey the message. A clearer set of instructions also should be made. I live in a semi arid region of India. Here the biggest risk is that of drought and deficient rainfall. The measures that need to be taken include building rainwater harvesting and conservation structures. Encouraging optimal water use. Shift to drought resistant agriculture and allied activities, We do not face risks from any other natural disasters as we are away from sea a distance of 400 kms, are on a thick plateau at over 200 mts elevation from mean sea level, the nearest river is 30 kms away, India has a surplus storage of foodgrain. All these point towards the only risk we face, that of scarcity of water.