7098340

The
game encapsulates various aspects of risk management, right from acquiring
knowledge of risks to taking measures to mitigate them and finally transferring
a part of risk through insurance. The time and money were limited therefore
some tradeoffs were made amongst gaining knowledge, acquiring protection and
insurance. While knowledge could be gained through research done when a meteor
was spotted, the protection could not be acquired simultaneously and hence
within the limited time knowledge was to be traded with acquiring protection if
it was known that the damage from the meteor can be severe and chances of hit
would be high.  Whereas gaining insurance
cost money which could be otherwise used for the development. Also while using
protection, development of Alora would stop and some money was required. Accordingly,
a mixed strategy was adapted to play the game with major emphasis on gaining
knowledge, which also allowed taking help from community after damage, and
taking insurance which allowed quicker and cheaper repairs after the damage
done by the meteor.

While playing the
game first time I tried to develop as many pods as I could along with highest
level of insurance, but the development meter did not show a high level as
money and time both were not enough to upgrade them. Also, I did little research
and relied more on protection, which caused development to be lower and I
remained less informed about the damage possibility of the pods. During my
second attempt I tried to balance number of pods and upgradation of each and
bought of second level insurance.  Also,
I focussed more on research rather than spending time on protecting. This
allowed more time for development and also making community connections after
the meteor hit. The main learning from this game was to develop an ability to
manage development and risk within the limited resources. The constraints in
resources put the pressure to choose wisely each of the risk mitigating measure
by doing a cost-benefit analysis.

I reside in New Delhi, India which faces many
problems as other developing countries do. I would suggest that an additional compulsory
Safety, Health and Environment knowledge imparting system be made available for
all citizens of the country. This way all the citizens especially those who are
uneducated can be made aware on how simple measures in their day to day life
can allow them to prevent bigger risks and be better prepared for the unpreventable
risks.