7104213

                                                                      Reflection From Risk Horizon Game.

To begin, the risk horizon game is an interesting approach which gives us the task of developing our community using the key components of risk management. We also need to understand that knowing the key components of risk management is not enough to enhance development and coping with certain shocks. From the Horizon game, the key to a successful implementation of risk management comes only when there is a balance of the key components being used in managing such shocks before and after they hit. As a matter of facts,  the most important components of effective risk management includes; 

Preparing in Advance by Researching on comets, gaining Knowledge on the possibility of these comets hitting the ocean that causes floods, its Severity, obtaining Protection against this shock by raising our land to reduce the impact of the Comet on our pods, obtaining Insurance which makes it cheaper and faster to rebuild our damaged pods in order to find a balance between growing our community 
and at the same time, preparing for these potential shocks in the form of comets. During my game play, I made choices of researching Comets and knowing their severity which helped me on the insurance plan to obtain and the level of land raising protection I will need in case the comet hits. Also as a result of preparation I noticed a reduction in damages from 80% (my first game) to a subsequent 50% and 9% intermittently.

In continuation, if I played the game only once and when I am to play again, what I would do differently is to try as much as possible to raise my land in prevention of the potential shocks that posed a challenge for me during my first play. Playing the game more than once improved my understanding to an extent in which I realized we have to always consider all the components of risk management in order to find a balance between them to enhance development and the possibility of coping with shocks. I realized that whenever I focus too much on protection due to a potential shock by comets with high severity, it became difficult for me to win a particular level. Hence I always tried to minimize protection and focus on research, building pods and obtaining a high value insurance to help rebuild my community whenever i sensed a high severity comet.  This strategy worked for my progress.

To add, if given the task to develop another version of this game, I would increase the rebuilding speed of the pods which are virtually slow as compared to the speed of the Comets which approaches the earth faster than you could think. This puts the player in a state of jeopardy and one could end up making choices in a hurry which in reality we need to use the information from research to prepare and cope with shocks. Despite these, the game is very interesting and a great learning avenue. I would love to play it again and again.

Conclusively, I learned from the game that; whenever a shock is imminent it might be too late to protect or buy insurance but we can still make community connections in order to cope with damages or shocks or even prevent some of these shocks. In my community, we are challenged by the shock of Flood when it rains. To this effect, our community has been creating networks with nearby communities to jointly produce a solution to the problem. The major challenge has been; not enough resources and people loosing property for better drainage construction.