7123943

Initially, I had plenty of trouble with the game. I tired many different methods but had trouble getting past the second level and only rarely, getting the bar high enough to reach level four. In this game, you have to manage risk while balancing it with development, much like in the real world. You can not spend all of your resources on protection or on research because then there will not be sufficient money, time, or other resources to build or upgrade the pods. In reality, you would be best off having ample insurance. During the game, I combined both high and low levels of insurance with more or less focus on other protective management tools in different game attempts. Ultimately, I discovered that the lower insurance policy was best because it is better to prevent, or developing ways to minimize effects of shocks, instead of having to deal with it afterwards. Concurrently, as the tutorial mentions, it is best to repair the pods immediately after the comets cause the damage. It is possible to succeed with the broader, more expensive insurance policy, but I did not find it effective because I would save more money by preparing for the damage. I tinkered with different amounts of research. Some times I was constantly doing research, which hindered my developmental efforts. A couple of times, I tried doing no research(which worked surprisingly well for the first couple of levels, as long as you have the highest insurance). One game, I immediately set all my efforts on raising the ground, but the protection was not enough for my underdeveloped civilization to thrive. On the other hand, disregarding the protection option is damaging especially with consecutive dangerous, comets.  I learned that there is not just one answer to risk management, but none of the choices are perfect. There are extreme sacrifices and a balance is difficult but necessary to find. This is obviously a simplified version, but I came into the game thinking that knowledge and trying to prevent disasters were enough, but problems will still occur and you will have to deal with the repercussions regardless. Developing the civilization was a hard task as well. If we were given an already civilized territory where we had money and resources in which to develop risk management, it would have been much easier. This is why there is a correlation between GDP and preventive measures in the international community.The game is too much of a trial and error. The game ends if you make one mistake early of even if you just get unlucky with a couple of disastrous comets back to back. The game would be more realistic if the player was only allowed one chance but the civilization is on a larger scale. One mistake would not be game ending and you could more easily see how the choices you make, the costs of opportunities you choose to pursue, effect the community. 