7130967

Role of Risk Management The role of risk management in the game was to identify prioritize, and addressed risks (both opportunities and threats) in order to minimize or maximize their impact for the development of the Alora. By taking action, a planned response was put in place to address the possible impacts of the comets.Immediately, I elevated Alora to put in place a mitigation measure. When the likelihood of a comet impact was greater than my protection, I then took out insurance. That ensured resources were being used for development, until they were needed for risk management. This strategy "combined the capacity to prepare for risk with the ability to cope once a risk has materialized", WDR 2014, pg. 63. Preparation slightly slowed development (elevation and insurance) however, it minimized impact and allowed for a fast recovery due to minimal damage.Choices and Trade Offs Early on, development was the main aim. Initially the majority of funds were spent on construction. During this process, insurance (33% coverage) and elevation was also bought. The trade off was only buying coverage for 33% of possible damage and elevating to just below the know comet severity levels. As soon as the first impact was received, knowledge was quickly disseminated through the community. So, while there was not 100% coverage with one single mitigating strategy, the combination of the three meant that potential damage was lowered to a level that could be managed with the resources available.Risk Preparation and its Development AffectImmediate impacts were minimal. but as time went on, the cost of repairs given the amount of insurance and level of development gained meant the speed of development could not be maintained. Eventually risk cost become prohibitive to development. The amount of area required to be protected meant that the trade off become even greater. Less protection meant more damage, purely due to scale.What I would do differentlyAfter understanding the research aspect of the comet collisions, I would change my strategy to increase the rate of development, while slightly lowering the protection measure of elevating. Knowledge "is an essential component of risk management" WDR 2014 pg. 64. By using the research of the comet impact and severity it allowed me to decide what my strategy would be. Recovery is easier from a protected and insurance based. Therefore, a slight increase in damage sustained could be meant with a greater development rise due to more resources being available, recover would be faster.Lessons Learned After playing Risk Horizon, I gained a better understanding of understand risk impact and the need to plan for future risks. As noted in the WDR 2014 pg. 57, "thinking in advance about the possibility of.. events and deciding how to prepare" is a vital measure to mitigate risk. When comets missed, complacency started to creep into my strategy. It was not until a likely impact event occurred that cause me to check my insurance and protection measures.Game change to reflect the risk management choices where I live .. LaosBeing based in Laos, the shock of flood is relevant to its citizens. However, another risk is environmental damage due to logging. I would add in an environment measure, that decreases if the rate development is too fast. This could increase the damage caused by floods from the comets. Another change could take into account inflation, Table 1.1 pg. 55 WDR has Lao PDR reporting an average 31.55% response to Price Shocks. Possibly, if development spending is too fast, then the cost of goods (renovating) might rise. 