7146804

The game is a progress of combining many factor, highlights on that is risk, development, and protection. From what i experience, following:1. Risk Management didn't reflect clearly in the first time you played game, but I can think about it when i failed several times. First, you can not do everything at a moment. Opportunity and Risk is always exist at same time, you have to chose an Insurance for everything that you don't have a certainty. The higher community level I want to develop, The more I need to have an insurance for an uncertainty. So I always bought the insurance then continue to develop my pods. There are four steps: development, insurance, protection, cope.I chose to research those milestones with high probability risk  and dismiss those milestones with very low or zero probability risk. After that, I quickly upgraded for my pods, If unfortunately my community is crashed by a milestone I would use some precious times to prepare protection by raise my islands. It a fact that preparation for risk affect development because you can not solve best everything at same time. So I think it affect both  immediately and after some time rather than you develop, you must do a protection . It's a fact.2. That 's a hard decision. But I choose I will not buy insurance earlier because in the first stage, it's a easy stage so that I just research milestones and the more time i researched, the more precious time I have to connect my community If it crashed. Then with a high protection, my community is missed so many milestone from that way. It's the best choice for me to save some precious money and each action will cost you resources precious. In the the first stage, you don't have nothing so if you one or two pods, it's easy to do again. But If played game several times, I got a high level and I need to have an insurance first. Because the risk of level you must confront many milestones and you don't know you can solve all them. I have learned so much acknowledge, experience,skills from the Horizon game. Actually, You can do the best when you focus on one thing at the one time. Second,  I always remember I just had some precious resources and each action of mine will cost my precious resources.3.I find in game many aspects of risk management. If I were a developed management, I would add one new thing. It is a price change. That means when you upgrade a pod in a same level but  some time you get luckily a lower cheap price and some time you badly get a higher expensive. That is also a similarity  protection and insurance. That's the basis of uncertainty. Other side, it will reflect the fact of the life is uncertain when you calculate benefit and cost analysis, so you have to buy insurance. Thus, I choose the price will be continuous fluctuations. It will a good change and interesting for every member because of  probability results.  Summarizing, I like the game because What i learned from it. It 's my best experience for what I learned for 2 weeks lecture. On the other hand, I find out some lack of knowledge my  self, I read carefully from tutorial but I dismissed frequently answer question. After some failed, I tried to find out some things in there and it will help me understanding clearly you can do best unless you know clearly and understand deeply a thing.