7155252

1) The Risk Horizon game, simulating an aftermath of destructive waves created by the impact of comets on planet Allora, was a very interesting way of reflecting on risk management during real life crises and coping with the aftermath of destruction while keeping development in view.The game gave us three powers:a) The power of research: This power helped us gain information on the comet in terms of severity, chance of hit and time to impact. The power of research gave us the time to protect our selves by linking with the community. Research helped us prepare ourselves to handle the severity of impact. It helped us assess the ideal level of insurance. It also helped us analyse and pace developmental efforts so we can attain prosperity in the wake of impending crises.b) The power of protection: This power helped us raise the island and protect it from the destructive waves that wrecked havoc on all developmental efforts. Research enabled us with information on the severity and chance of hit. Based on this data we could raise the height of the island and protect the pods that had been developed. Protection of the pods, as in any real life scenario, comes at a cost. The cost sets development back. This opportunity cost needed to be closely observed and decision needed to be made to keep development on track while handling risk of destruction.c) The power of insurance: This power helped us get back on our feet in terms of development. Insurance was a must have in times of unavoidable calamity. It saved time and money, in turn helping us cope better with an aftermath of crises. The initial cost is a trade off that needs to be made. We need to choose the level of insurance we can or are willing to purchase. Once development sets in insurance becomes an important asset as it helps us cope at lesser cost and in lesser time.2) After playing the game a few times we realise which areas we lost focus on, and what areas need attention. For instance, being risk averse by going on raising the island for protection and paying higher insurance, but not paying attention to development, leave us with very little funds. This makes us miss development milestones. Similarly, if we pay attention to development and not concentrate on research or on collecting information on the impending calamity, that would take a toll by causing total destruction of whatever development we had achieved.Information, preparation and development need to be balanced at the right point to handle calamity and achieve prosperity at the right pace.3) Incase a new game was developed, what could be added was a possibility of a system which would help harness the energy from the waves that are generated from the impact of the comet to raise the island. Or with proper research can the force become a power source which helps fuel development. It could be implemented in the following way:On the information bar we assess the severity and chance of impact. Along with this we can keep a "force meter".Say the force of impact is upto "X", then there should be a tool which gives the option to leverage this force to raise the island at a small cost. Say the force is upto "Y", then we should be given an option to use it for energy development at a small cost. If the force is "Z" or greater we need to have all hands on deck and all systems in check and prepare for impact.