7165440

      Risk management played a very crucial role in ensuring that the planet can grow and prosper without the fear of damage. At the starting of the first level itself, I bought the 75% insurance cover. As I built my pods, I kept an eye on the comets (research) and increased my protection to match the severity of the potential disaster. Also, the research helped give me more time to create community connections. Due to these reasons, none of my pods suffered any damage during all 4 levels of the game I played. The resources spent on preparation helped me to utilize all the remaining money for development without having to save money to spend on repairing. Although initially I invested in heavy insurance and protection, it eventually paid off and despite curbing my ability to grow in the immediate future, I was able to then develop better ahead.       After playing the game, I realized why it is so important to manage risk well. I came to know that when you take the necessary precautions and have a safety net, you are able to develop better and jump higher, without fear of failing. While playing again, I realized that there is no one common solution, as every time, there are different situations. Every choice requires a trade-off between available resources and the other possible choices. Due to achieving a proper balance between knowledge, insurance and protection, I was able to optimally utilize my resources, protect my planet and utilize existing opportunities to continue to ensure its development.        I think the concept of financial risk is something that is important in today’s age, along with natural disasters and other concerns. I’d like to add a more finance-related component, such as the ability to take loans (at a margin of current development) and make deposits in case of excess funds (the term being a few seconds upto a few minutes) and different rates of interest on the same. I think that added complexity would bring the game closer to the one we play in our daily lives.Overall, the game helps practically apply the concepts we'be been studying in the past two weeks (risk management using knowledge, insurance and protection), and thus understand how to make decisions to manage risks more effectively, and achieve our goal of development.