7167922

The role of risk management in the game was to evaluate the
risk, compensate for the risk, and balance those needs with the needs of
growing the planet. I made choices to purchase at least the base insurance
choice for each level, and on one level purchased the second choice of
insurance. This offset my cost of repairs after damaging events. I always
increased the height of the planet to avoid flooding and damage after comets. I
chose the height based on the predicted severity of the oncoming comet. This
hindered my ability to grow the planet very quickly; however by having those
measures in place to compensate for the risk, I was able to continue growing
the planet even though damaging events occurred. In essence, by using these
risk management tools, I was able to avoid total collapse and rebuild and grow
even more after a damaging event. If I had not made the risk management choices
I did, I would have had higher rebuild costs that would have prevented me from
building new pods and enhancing the existing pods. Those higher rebuild costs
would have been prohibitive to growth. Therefore, by using accurate and successful
risk management choices, I was able to achieve sustainable growth.

I played the game only once. I passed levels 1-4, and I did
not pass level 5. If I were to play the game over again, I would increase the
amount of insurance purchased for level 5. I only purchased the lowest choice
of insurance, and would have been better protected during a damaging event, and
therefore had lower post-event costs. The higher post-event costs forced me to
rebuild slower and therefore not reach my goal in time. The main thing that I
learned from this is that insurance is of utmost importance, especially the
larger your investment and potential rebuild costs. Additionally, I would have
added new pods earlier in the game. I only added a few initially and continued
to enhance them, without taking advantage of early growth. This did not hinder
me greatly in the long run, but would have made the last level or two a bit
easier to continue growth with less stress.

To better represent the risk management choices that matter
where I live, I would enhance the “research” feature of the comets, allowing
better prediction of damaging events so that risk management choices could be
better made. I would also have it estimate the cost of rebuild based on your
current landscape and the damage that has been predicted. 

