7176008

1. In this game we found all the notions around risk management, with the knowledge (staying on the meteor to see how the risk evolves), the protection (with the bar) and the insurance (which we had to buy). All of them have a cost in time (knowledge) and in money (the 2 others). The trade-off actually consisted in how to balance all of these factors in order to limit the damages and to have to spend less money to cope at the end, and in the meantime continue to develop (which is the optimal goal). So basically, the question was : should i spend more money in protection and insurance, and not develop enough my economy, or should i develop it as fast as possible but then face huge risks without protection. Then, the problem actually consists in how balancing protection and insurance, and in the meantime observe the meteors to obtain a more precise idea of the risk, but being unable to prepare for the possible crash.2. At the beginning, i basically didnt know how to balance everything, and i didnt know what to expect from the danger of the meteor. I spent most of my money in protection and lost it because of a slow development. I then tried to balance it a bit more effectively, but i still have the tendency to spend more money in insurance and protection. I was basically fearing big damages, so i tend to buy the most expensive assurance, even if i could play some levels without any crash at all.3. We could definitely implement some other concepts of the risk management, for example with the obstacles. The knowledge is already developped, the more time we spend looking at the meteor, the more pricise it gets. But we could definitely consider implementing the environment, with for exemple others nations all playing together, and thus design a collaborative game. Some actions could  be taken together, they probably would have a larger impact than the individual ones. Then, each decision would have an impact on the other countries, such as the price of repairing when there is already limited ressources. Another idea would be to develop other risks, and also other possibilities, such as moving to a less risky environment, or moving to a more risky but also more profitable. They are actually many choices, but it becomes then technically too difficult to play ...