7184514

The game Risk Horizon, provided a simple interpretations
of the choices and opportunities faced by those managing risk. While playing
the game I was able to make use of all three aspects of preparation –
protection, knowledge and buying insurance and to use the community as a coping
tool once a comet had hit. I was also able to increase my earnings and my
ability to pay for protection measures later the game.

The game was quite simple but demonstrated
that rarely is risk management perfect, there are choices to be made, significantly
based on resources. My ability to implement protection (raising the land level)
and buy insurance was based on my finances which in turn were based on my
planets financial resources (the number and level of sophistication of my pods).
I often had to make a call as to whether to invest in protection or to buy
insurance, or to upgrade my pods, reducing my current finances but increasing my
resources for the future.  As the game progressed
I learned that ‘perfect’ was rarely needed in order to get through and make it
to the next stage – rather you had to make the most of the resources at your
disposal and what you know about the extent of the risk. A good level of risk
management was possible without having a full a gold plated solution. 

The trade offs in the game reflected those
faced in real life by people, communities, government and the international
community. Choices have to be made when resources are limited, as to whether to
put limited funds into insurance (and the extent of it), protection – such as
flood defences, or stronger buildings or into taking opportunities that enable
better risk management in the future - schooling or a new business. The impact
of an incident on protection levels (decreasing them) also reflected the impact
of real disasters on existing protection measures such as infrastructure and
services.

Knowledge and coping strategies were
slightly different in the game to protection and insurance as, as in real life,
they are less dependent on resources. Gaining knowledge in the game did take me
away from efforts to improve protection and insurance, but were not as
financially dependent. In real life, knowledge can also be spread relatively
cheaply through open access to information and both community networks and technologies such as the internet
and social media.  

Coping similarly did not appear to be dependent
on my finances but made a significant difference in the impact of events when
they happened, reflecting the importance of strong community networks for those
faced with risks and opportunities. Living in New Zealand, the importance of
this was shown in the aftermath of recent earthquakes where community spirit
played a significant role in sharing resources such as housing and providing psychological
support after the event. This is an element of risk management that has
multiple benefits not just improving people’s ability to cope in a risk management
context.

I think the key element I would change in
the game is to increase the variety of risks, opportunities and preparation
measures available. The differing strength of comets did reflect this to an
extent, but if more variety were provided it would better reflect variety of
risks and opportunities faced by individuals and communities and the variety of
preparation tools available. Rarely are people just facing ‘comets’ coming from
just one direction with the same preparation methods required or a small number
of trade off to be considered. 