7189109

The Risk Horizon game aims to
teach how and why risk management is important for development. To win one has to achieve a threshold score by developing a community
through building pods. The development steps have up-front costs
and take time to be finished before they count toward the score. Money comes in with time.

The community faces shocks due to falling meteorites. To prosper in this game
the associated risk needs to be managed. The risk-management task
is split into two parts, preparation and coping, and is restricted by time
and monetary resources.The preparation consists of performing research to obtain knowledge,
buying insurance to cover part of the damage and building
protection. The research gives the probability that a specific
meteor will affect the community, the severity of the impact and an advantage
in the coping process. The advantage gets
bigger the more time is spent on research. Insurance is offered at three
different levels of coverage.
Protection needs an investment of time and a small amount of money. 

The coping part involves connecting pods under time pressure as determined by the research advantage and repairing the pods.

As the resources are limited, trade-offs have to be made. Buying insurance
has to be balanced against building pods, while decisions have to be made if
building protection or performing research on a meteor is more important. The
game allows several meteors at the same time and only one can be investigated simultaneously. My strategy was to invest a severity-determined amount of research only if meteors
had a high probability to strike. I built protection when
none of the meteors were worth investigating. On my first attempt I bought
insurance at the beginning only to find out that I did not have enough time to
repair the damage after the meteor struck. After that, I only bought insurance
if I did not have enough time left to perform an appropriate level of research before
the meteor struck and was expecting severe damage. This meant that I learned to
give high priority to knowledge and protection to be able to achieve development.



The game nicely captures the essentials of risk management. If I had
to include an extra feature, I would probably add two options for protection, one
natural and one engineered. The natural protection could easily be added by a
knowledge component indicating the risk associated with different locations.