7192574

Here are my takeaways:1- No measure research, protection, insurance can be considered alone. All have to be considered coherently in order to use/spend resources effectively. In the game you have to use all three in a time-wise and spending-wise optimum way.Protection: It looks like the easy way of decreasing the effect of possible risky events whereas the cost usually increases exponentially when you consider low probability - high effect events. Protective measures are usually effective when combined with knowledge As expected it costs a lot to invest in protection as you start considering the low probability event that could cause problems. The right balance of protection and insurance is the target to be achieved. The right balance could be calculated with the help of defining and calculating risks.In the game protection is costly, and you are limited in ways of doing it and it takes time. Risks on the other hand do not wait till you take protective actions.Research: Investing in Research is an expensive and a long term strategy. It takes time to see the fruits and but you have to use part of your resources on it to be able to define and build protection against risks. On the other hand if it is not there you definitely will fail in the long-run if not in the short term. In the game research helps you understand the threat level and proximity of risks. Whereas it is a long term tool to use to overcome development interruption.Insurance: Most important aspect of risk mitigation is insurance especially for burdens that you can not overcome privately, as a small company, as a developing country with limited resources etc. On the other hand mass groups being insured collectively has a positive result in terms of cost of insurance. You should know your risks and the cost of protective measures in order to be able to compare with risks and insurance costs. This depends on how much you know about risks and feasible protection investments.According to the level of your knowledge about comets (risks) they create plus the protective abilities available you should always use the insurance tool although it looks expensive. Using all three tools in the game gives you clear understanding of how to tactically (short-term) and strategically(long-term) overcome risk barriers in front of development.2 I was confident in insuring upfront but I actually did not know the leverage it would bring. Still it looked like the right choice.
Protection was costly in terms of time and money (mostly time, but it might be
the connection response speed problem as well J) and the benefits of research
were not that apparent. But we know that in real life as well protection is
costly, it takes time and swallowing knowledge ad seeing its effect is a
long-term strategy. So playing the game gives some insight how to balance
these, how to allocate resources at least in a simple way. No real life
problems are so easy and one dimensional. Most of the time you have other
constraints like people’s lives, people’s comfort and happiness (and their
reaction when that is disturbed) , their existing wealth and what they have to
sacrifice etc.3 To make the game more realistic and put more emphasis on human,
I would possibly suggest putting human as a resource you have to develop
(number of people living, researchers, their expectations etc.) and as victims
of the disasters (maybe count of casualties, ones you have to treat after
disasters etc.) Not only to cooperate after disaster which was hard to use anyway.