7203803

In this game, I play as a protector, who would press the button to rasie my village as possible as my dollars is enough. Howerer, my development meter must remain green, only in this situation I could move to next level. So here comes a big challenge to achieve the goal. After several plays, I've learned a way to minimize the risk. I would rasie my protecting level, just to the severity of the hitting comet if having plenty of time. Otherwise, or knowing that it's impossible to acquire the level which is the same as the severity, I would buy an insurance right in the hitting moment,  for maximizing the utilities of my wealth, XD. Later I found that these two methods are appropriate to consider as long-term protection and emergency protection. After five or six times playing, I finally reached level 4 and earned 10% score. In the first try, I forgot the red development meter since I putting all my money to rasie the protecting level. And in the second time, I build as many as pods I could, and I failed after a comet hitted causing a loss widely. Because of Knowledge-Developing and Loss-Preventing, known as opportunity and risk in our course, ware in out-of-balance in both trys. This is what I've learned. DO NOT putting your eggs just in one basket, right? So in the next trys, I did well as the method I mentioned in the beginning paragraph. Securing my pods by rasing protection level in the normal times. Purchased an insurance according the severity of the coming comet and my protection level. In this way I could reduce not only  the chance of such a hitting, but also, if hitting occured, the damege causing by it.I could not agree more with that, the game captures some aspects of risk management. Since I didn't spend too much time on this game, shortage of practice makes me find it difficult to upgrade my pods in the first beginning. If new version of Risk Horizon is developing, I am suggesting add a N-seconds-100%-protection or invincible status by triggering a secret weapon, of course, only one short during the entire game. It could designed as urgent help from alien friends, or backup resources. Far more than fun, I am linking this situation to our daily life. For example, while you were facing a large expense, and you have no cash or deposit. What did you do? Most of us would go to seek help, like borrowing money from friends or asking loans from banks. If thing are going well, your crisis would be over and you return to the normal life. However, assistances are limited, or say banks would not give you money again and again worring about your ability to repay the loans.