7221601

The main components of the risk management concept from the
course were very well presented in the game: the knowledge about the coming
risk and the parameters of the comets, the options for insurance and
protection, as well as coping with the effects by creating connections within
the community. I chose to spend my resources on insurance, research and
upgrading my pods and it proved to be a good combination of investments. Preparation
for risk helped in reducing the damage and thus creating better conditions for
development. I think the positive effects were noticed immediately in the
aftermath of the incident of comets hitting the ground when one did not need to
spend too many efforts and resources in recovery and rebuilding the community.The first time I played the game, I did not spend time doing
the research, so I failed very quickly. Subsequently, it proved to be a
powerful tool for preparation and helped me in my next trials. I also spent my available
resources on regular insurance at each level and constant upgrades of the pods.
What I learned from the game, is that finding the best option to balance your
resources and the necessary level of protection is a difficult task. Protection
and insurance come at a price and connecting the community is another way to
increase resilience within the group. I also learned that confronting the risk is
inevitable, but if enough efforts are spent for preparation, coping with the
aftermath effects could be a feasible task.



If I could propose a change in the game, it would probably be to diversify the risk – instead of having the constant risk of the comets
perhaps presenting a dual risk could be more realistic. I believe that a good
option could be introducing droughts and floods as potential risks to the community. In
that way, one has to make different choices depending on the expected risk and its
effects. Unfortunately, these risks are also very present in the last decades in
all the continents and cannot be ignored anymore. 