7224000

The role of
risk management in this game was taking care of sustainable development of our
pods and in the same time protecting them against risk (investment in
preparations  insurance). I did preparations for risk immediately, but
they were not so advanced, because the cost of pods was low and I had not
enough money for both things. At the beginning most of my money I spent for
developing pods and just the rest I decided to invest in insurance (first time
I bought insurance during 3rd lvl, before my buildings were not so
advanced so I thought it’s unnecessary and waste of money). Honestly I must say
I haven’t done almost any research- just when I saw comet on the sky I was
checking possibility of hit and on this background I made decisions. I don’t
think it was good, because later I felt consequences of this decision (ough!)
on my own skin. 
I played the game only once. If I would play it again, for sure I will be better
prepared for the last comet, which destroyed 52% of my pods (it was the only
comet, which hit me and destroyed my pods).  Probably I would invest more money in insurance
and make deeper research to avoid this risk. Thanks to this game I learned that
I should never forget about risk, because it can surprise me in the worst
moment. It’s good to think about future and development, but I have to be
realistic- things like that can happened to everybody and we should always remember
about this risk and never ignore them. I did it. In the last stage I ignored
risk and I failed. Probably it was the best part of this game and this failure
teached me a lot. 

I think it
would be good to put some element with is similar to unexpected events in our
lifes. I’m taking about natural diseases, nuclear and radiation accidents etc.
Then this situation is not effect of our decisions, but it’s more realistic- a
lot of things in decion making process is changing all the time and we have to
look at this changed and on this background making next steps. When I was
developing pods the price was also the same for every new pod, maybe it will be
better if the price will be different? Then it would be harder to make decisions.
In real world prices are mixed.