7233055

1- Risk management is basically the process of identification, analysis and either acceptance or mitigation of uncertainty in investment decision-making.   Inadequate risk management can result in severe consequences for companies as well as individuals.   The major importance of project management in the game which i came across can be summarised as follows:Risk management made the game intriguing and engaging.  This helps 
put me in the right mindset to interact and learn. It strikes a 
balance between educating and entertaining the learner.Thinking about their project differently.
 Brain churning equals learning. The game activities prompt learners to 
think, act, analyze, and question how the risks are being handled on 
their own projects.Jump-Starting. I was able to start playing the game after a very short introduction due to clear concept of risk management . The
 games complexities do not all need to be understood in order to start 
playing, but they help keep it interesting further into the simulation.Repeatability. Learners
 can and do enjoy replaying Project Risk. It can be played once or 
repeatedly. There are no tricks or secrets that are revealed. Also 
players may change the risk cards to change the simulation project. See 
more on alternative risk card sets if you want to explore these options.Experiential. I encounter the project risks, including budget and team issues, in terms
 of meaningful observations, feelings, and reactions. Experiential 
learning is proven to be the most effective approach to longterm 
learning which holds true for this game which was played with the help of risk management concepts.                                                                                                                                I have given major focus on knowledge because knowledge is a tool which can help us to guide in any circumstances. Development can only take place once you have knowledge of all the risk and opportunities. Knowledge forms the base for guiding any strategy for development2- For the first time i could not clear second level but then when i played it for the next time i could realise the importance of knowledge , insurance and protection.  Repeated plays actually train my  brain 
to scan through the risk strategy options almost automatically when they
 occur in real projects. This gave me the insight knowledge that a project needs to have proper balance of all the factors like level of protection , amount to be insured , research about the project etc then only development can occur and it can survive in the longer run.3-Given a chance to add things I will try bringing on few more risk management concepts which can be implemented in a better manner. So the essential steps  for doing this are given as follows:- Identify and prioritize crucial assets -Understand current and emerging threats-Apply defensive techniques, or mitigate the risk -Monitor and adjust various alternativesGreat security tools without a properly trained security team is like 
putting a novice driver behind the wheel of a Formula One race car. The 
car may be the fastest machine on the track, but without effective 
driving it most likely won’t even finish the race. The security tools 
used are only one element of effective security. What matters is how 
effective the security team is at using the security tools to manage and
 mitigate risk.An optional project planning workbook should be made available to explain all of the
 project management steps touched on in the game.So that participants can use 
the game as a launching pad to in-depth project management training. In this manner participants will have a clear idea of how to implement the concepts of risk management in the form of game and even a layman can put his best efforts while playing the game.