7235211

In the game, I had to develop my community - by ensuring that I was building the pods, developing them and managing the risks of a comet hitting the pods. Effective risk management by research, protection and insurance helped me ensure that the damage to the community from a comet-hit and the costs associated with redevelopment were minimized. Connection between pods is also an important factor in minimizing the risks from a comet-hit -- as this helps to ensure sharing of resources between the pods to help minimize damage and speed up the recovery process. While building the community, I had to ensure that I was allocating money wisely to build and develop the pods in an efficient manner - I chose to build 3 pods first, then develop each of them to a Level 2 pod, and then adding 2 or 3 more news pods, then upgrading them to higher levels. I ensured that I was not building more than 2-3 new pods at a time, because then I would have to compromise on the development of the existing pods. This is an important issue in risk management because having a number of pods that are not upgraded to higher levels would mean higher damage to these pods in the event of a comet-hit. So, a balance between building a pod and developing existing pods had to be made. In managing risk for the comet-hit, I realized that time and resources have to be spent effectively between research to gain knowledge about the comet (chance of hit and severity), preparing for the comet-hit and also buying insurance in the event of repair after a comet-hit. Research seemed to be a very low-cost item, but one with high implications because it does not make sense to waste resources on preparing the pods for a comet-hit if the chance of a hit is very low. That money could instead be used for developing the pods. In the event that the chance of a hit is high, I would then choose to prepare for the risk depending on the severity of the comet. Again, research is very important because in the case of a comet hit, the severity and chance of hit keep changing as the comet comes closer to the pods - the longer we observe, the more accurate we are in our estimates of how much protection and insurance are needed as part of the risk management for the event. Preparation for risk affected development - in cases of very low severity and chance of hit, I chose to develop my pods instead of preparing for the risk because I felt that pod development would cover any small risk of the comet hitting and causing damage. If the chance of hit was high, I would start preparation for the hit , which would mean compromising on development or building of new pods. Severity of the comet hit also helped me buy my insurance - I usually bought a lower priced insurance scheme if the severity of hit was low but chance of hit was high, and a higher priced insurance if both severity and chance of hit were high. However, I made sure that I kept going back periodically to monitor the comet - ie research - especially in the moments right before the comet hit. I played the game twice - in the second chance, I spent more time on research and development of the pods that just on preparing for the risk and spending too much money on insurance. The single change that I would make to the game is to add a component on education of the people in the community. While research and preparation may cover aspects of educating the community, I feel that in the place where I live (India) a number of risks can be better managed simply by spreading awareness. 