7237711

The main questions that I was able to identify in this game were: What the risks are for my community,the main reasons why those risks should be addressed, and how those risks can be tacled, reduced and if possible eliminated.I
believe that the game exemplified the strategic decisions a person is
confronted with in everyday life.  In this game
for example we were supposed to develop a community from scratch and decide on
the best allocation of resources.  It
also implied identifying the possibility of risk. The main
role of risk management for me in this game was to be able to assess
efficiently the resources we have and the solutions that risks may pose to the
present and future well-being of the community. 
Through risk management it also made it easier to prioritize the risks
and the allocation of available resources.

 I started by building a few houses away from the cliffs, whilst keeping an eye on
the meteors and what the chances were of them hitting the village and if they
would hit one at a time or in a group.  I
only insured the houses if it was likely that a meteor or group of meteors
would hit the village and cause considerable damage.  At the same time I also continued to develop
each house onto the next level whilst also building new houses when
possible.  I kept increasing the level of
the land to a minimum.  Insurance and the
lifting of the land was only used when it was obvious that there was certain
danger coming.  If a meteor hit and all
the houses were damaged I immediately went about repairing each one and
continued to build new houses. 

I was also able to see how risk
management and development are closely related because it all comes down
to identifying what your priorities are. 
Development of your community or its protection.  Development can sometimes be hindered by lack
of resources available as preparation for risk, in this case being hit by an
asteroid, meant the use of financial resources in research and insurance, which
in consequence would result in less resources available for the development of
the whole community.The second time I played the game I was more careful and paid closer attention to the times I needed to rise the land to avoid being hit.

From
playing the game I learnt to prioritize risks, identifying the different
aspects of risks and I also learnt how to allocate resources efficiently so
that development of my community wouldn’t be affected for the sake of its
protection and research of possible risks.

I
believe that one of the aspects of the game I would change is to make it a bit
more user friendly so that the player could have more
interaction in the game with clearer instructions.  In regards to what would represent the
choices that matter in Mexico, I would add an individual rather than only the
community aspect.  One big problem in
Mexico is the allocation of personal financial resources, people do not know
how to save and they end up spending all their money and living on credit.  Adding this individual aspect i.e. populating
the pods and deciding on individual assets would be a nice add on.  The last aspect I would add would be to look
at how different types of disasters such as flooding and earthquakes impact on
a community, its development and how one would react and make decisions based
on them.