7239445

1.Role of Risk Management
Effective risk management from the standpoint of the game, meant reducing the chances of loss due to comet invasions on Alora. It meant ensuring there was adequate development given resource/budget constraints while preparing for potential collisions in terms of a. knowledge (research on the individual comet's potential/probability of collision as well as its severity/potential consequence)b. protection (raising the level of the land so that the rising tides did not set Alora back from a developmental standpoint and c. insurance which helped in the event that the comet struck.Choices made and Trade-offs faced
Under resource constraints of budget and time, the pods required to be developed, while at the same time, resources also needed to be spent on insurance at the start of each level. One the one hand, protection/raising the land during comet impact stopped from pod development as well as researching the comets sufficiently. On the other, researching the comets sufficiently, helped us get a better sense of the probability of collision as well as its severity but stopped us from pod development in a timely and cost-effective fashion.2. How did/would you play differently and what did you learn?
I played the game thrice. Initially, I wrongly thought that preparation (knowledge, protection and insurance) and coping would be roughly an equal split. As the game progressed, I started to realize that while insurance was important, a significant investment deterred from utilization for development. So, I started spending lower amount on insurance (33%) but made sure that the level was raised for protection in the earlier levels. This allowed me to focus on researching comets, which allowed for anticipation of potential collision (or not), helping focus time and budget on development OR pre-emptive disaster planningand also allowed for better "coping" since more research increased the time required by the community to combine its efforts in the wake of the disasters. It was obvious that community effects, substantially negated and in many instances helped achieve 0% damage to the Alora ecosystem. 3. If there is one thing you would add or change, what would it be?
I would try to build in knowledge/experience effects; as a result of this, communities do not only network as a coping mechanism post-calamity but also (single button option) strengthen/reinforce each other pre-emptively based on findings from research (for example; developed pods automatically repairing pods damaged from previous collision)
