7253553

Dear Sir/ MadamIn the Risk
Horizon game, the main role of Risk Management is to balance the growth pace of
development, cost of available resources and the risk from external forces as
the Luminator of the world of ALORA at the best effort while reaching some
milestones along with the healthy development .

During the attempts of the game,
I have had done many choices such as whether upgrade the existing pods to the
next levels and/or diversified my portfolio to build more pods ASAP within
limited time, resources and the situations. More specifically, in a situation
where no comet was coming and/or the chances of comet-hitting as a shock, severity,
comets careen into water and the waves occurred were relatively low, I devoted
as much resources for development as possible instead of insurance and
protection and then used the remaining/spare time in research the knowledge from
the comets and classify different potential impact by analyzing the severity,
probability to cause negative impact, with the aim of taking advantage of the
opportunity during the gap, vice versa. 

Once the chances of comet-hitting
was moderate, I did preparation of risk by research the comet, take appropriate
insurance at different levels against the risk and conducted protection measures
which  was costly and immediately hindered
ALORA’s development as time and resources are limited.

If I played the game only once, I
definitely would do more protection and use insurance with higher coverage as
normally the severity and chance of comet hitting is high at the final stage of
game time.

If I played the game more than
once, I do have a balance in risk preparation and reduction and development.
The reason is that once Alora is over-protected (i.e. used many resources to
protect or insure), then the development would be slow and  many opportunity would be missed, leading to
insufficient time to pass the game threshold within the specified time.

The main things I learned is to hedge
my risk position at a certain level is enough and I need to  chase opportunity for development concurrently
with an insight of balancing risk, cost and resources available.

For the changes in the game, I
would suggest to divide Alora into public sector and private sector. The former
is comparatively risk-resistant but lower productivity (in many developing and/or
underdeveloped nations where people prefer to be a civil servant in order to avoid
in taking risk in terms of career, income, etc.), while the private sector which
contribute the dominated portion in  innovation,
productivity, creativity economic growth and sustainability. By adopting the
said change, we can take a deeper look into risk management choices and balancing
the risk and opportunity with more variety.

With the changes above, I also
suggest to enlarge the range of product to be produced by Alora and add
international trade and conditions elements between one or two nations in the game, linked with the criteria for
passing grade. Taking into the international situation into account, we have to estimate and research what type of product/investment to produce/invest for trading between nations in order to benefit, maximize
and take relative advantage on opportunity but also take risk preparation, mitigation
and prevention measures for the potential adverse conditions, with the larger views
and combination of actions on dealing with risk (accept, avoid, resistant,
retain, reduce and transfer) and resilience methods.BR,Wong, Chi Cheong