7281199

What
 was the role of risk management in the game?The role of risk management in the game was to prepare for meteors, and cope/recover when they did hit. This was acheived through raising the ground (protection), purchasing insurance to offset the cost of prepare (insurance), and researching the comets to determine risk (research).What choices did you make 
and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, 
and insurance?I often had to decide between expansion and protection/insurance. I could either spend my money on expanding my buildings or try to protect or get insurance for them.In what ways did preparation for risk affect development 
(immediately, or after some time)?I was able to recover much more quickly after disaster, and in some cases I was even able to avoid damage at all. This however was at the cost of slowed development while preparing for risk. My overall speed of development did increase when preparing for risk, because there was significantly less "lag time" when trying to recover after a disaster.If you played the game more than 
once, what did you do differently after the first time?At first I was overly cautious and bought too much insurance and spent too much time on protection. As a result I had little development in my buildings and was unable to meet each level's goal. The next time I played I tried to balance risk preparation and development in order to safely meet goals. This worked much more effectively and allowed me to pass the first few levels.What were the 
main things you learned from the game?I learned that risk management is not always so simple. You have to balance risk and growth if you want to survive because neither can work on their own. In addition the best way to confront risk can vary and there is never one clear cut solution. The
 game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. 
Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which 
allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you 
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in 
the place you live?The ability to move location to another part of the planet would be a nice addition. This would cost money but allow for different amounts of comets to hit.  This "immigration" would be risky because you might end up in an area that is more difficult to live than the original, but it would also have a good chance of being able to provide more protection or less comets.