7281678

1.Risk Horizon game is basically design on risk management by understanding the risk by it possibility of happening and size of damage. It also has feature of coping by insurance. This game made me realize to understand risk and its counter.   In term of knowledge, I understand that knowledge of risk by determining its size and damage, we can make plan accordingly. In terms of protection, we can not protect ourselves from risk but we can minimize the damage by taking measures like insurance option in this game but some time the risk can be fully minimized by taking actions timely. Insurance is good option but we have to be careful while choosing the cost and risk assessment is key to go for right insurance.There are many ways that risk preparation effect development like utilizing resources on counter of risk then development and by resources I mean money, time and focus. 2.I played this game several times and always I tried to do new things for reaching more level though most time I failed but I understand that the risk is not always the same and you have to change the methods by time. 1st time I focused on development, 2nd time I learned about using insurance policy and last time I understand the use measure for understanding risk size, Also learn the utilization of resources (In this game money) between development and risk measurement. The wealth pole helped me in understanding the way, how I can manage utilization of my resources in various ways at same time and then balance of utilization is key to development and countering risk. Research is also a necessary element to prepare myself for coping of risk. Research helped me to understand the size of risk in this game.3. I will make many changes in this by not effecting its basic theme or idea. First thing I will change the time, by more time you can be more prepare. 2nd thing will be the resources, I will add option of generation of money by several options like Aid, internal earning and investments which will help to generate more money to counter risk more effectively. These options should also help to allocate funds between risk management and development. Lastly, I will increase types of risk to many. I will enhance the capability to focus on different risks in different times in same area because in reality, some time country or certain area face many risk of many levels.   