7284796

Risk and Opportunity:
Managing Risk for Development

Reflections on the
Risk Horizon game

Risk management played a critical role in balancing the
expected risk with available resources in coping and meeting long-term goal of
property development on the island. To achieve sustainable development, the
information obtained help assessed the potential impact of approaching comet,
which provided use information in access expected level of risk and resources
to deploy to achieve some level of protection on investments. In situation
where potential likelihood of risk was great than available resources to
protect investment, insurance option was utilized to hedge likely impact of comets.
Although, combination of knowledge, protection, and insurance provided significant
preparation and mechanism in managing risk and threats to durable development after some time, individual component of risk management (such
as knowledge/ information on potential severity of comets impact) had immediate
effects on short-term development process.What I learned



I played the game more than once. Repeated play created a
learning process useful in understanding efficient and timely allocation of risk management
options and resources. I learned that the primary threat to the island in this game is
comets, and that the level of insurance
could be adjusted according to needs and level of expected risk based on
likelihood of comet impact severity. It became clear that raising the level of
island has limited effects under certain risks, however forewarning or predictions
(knowledge) about comets impact was valuable.
Community networking/ involvement are also very critical in building protection and resilience, and in
coping with after effects of adverse events. Furthermore, I learned that since capital
resources are limited, manager must be mindful of over-investing/ over-exposure
to risks to enable efficient allocation of capital resources in achieving sustainable development.

Addition to new version/ Proposed change where I liveIn a new version of the game, I would add different levels of vulnerability to areas on the island. The change I would propose to better represent the risk
management choices that matter in the place I live, would be efficient
dissemination of more dynamic flood insurance information to help residents
better evaluate available options in managing possible losses from flooding due
to extreme weather events. I would also propose that local government invests
more in sustainable long-term flood prevention measures, to drive down insurance
premium cost in highly vulnerable areas, thereby creating incentive for greater
individual participation in community risk management efforts.

