7298255

The game offers the ability to use the three levers of Risk
management with Protection, Insurance and Knowledge as well as tool to improve
the coping phase.

Insurance can be purchased with different levels of coverage
and is a potent way to reduce impact of unavoidable natural shocks. The
substantial reduction in cost of repairs on the pods or villages after the
occurrence of a comet landing makes is a very attractive investment eventhough
at the onset of the game a player’s first reflex might be to limit this investment
because of the limited amount of capital available. 

Protection can be built by upgrading all villages to be more
water resistent in their construction. The direct impact of these upgrades of
buildings is difficult to evaluate in case of a comet landing but this
definitely contributes with the number of pods to the speed with which the
wealth of the community accumulates in the game. 

Finally Knowledge in the form of understanding the
probability of impact and evaluating severity of comet landings allows to cope
better with the ex post consequences of a shock by increasing the ability to
share ressources with other pods so that the coping phase is easier and the longterm
consequences of shock on development of civilization are limited.

Upon trying the game for the second time I realized that
strong focus on mitigating the consequences of comet landing had a major impact
on sustaining the achieved growth levels and was key to go to next level –
investing time in Knowledge development in the form of observation and
understanding of the characteristics of the comet provided a practically no
cost improvement of the coping phase making it a very worthwile investment in
the game.

 

If given the opportunity  to change one characteristic of the game I would
include in the script different types of upgrades that one can build in the pods  reflecting different types of specialization
and allowing for a more diversified game. Adding for instance an upgrade
allowing to build a « university » specialization, a "Natural disaster
management center" or in another one a gold mine exploitation.  This would certainly give
very different path of development in the game and add to the number of
potential of pitfalls in which one can fall. One could follow a path of fast
growth which is unsustainable in case of disaster or opt for a slower growth
but a higher chance of sustainability by committing ressources to risk
management and disaster relief preparedness.