7326403

Risk
Horizon game reflection

Playing game as a
learning tool was a novel experiences, which have left some mixed feelings
after completion. On one side it is easy to rationalize why game would be able
to reflect all the main parameters of the Risk Management, on the other side it
is a game with all the pitfalls that brings. For me it was very difficult to
approach this task seriously and differentiate from the standard games. 

As a simple experiment
I have asked my wife to play the game, without explaining more than what site
provides. She was able to match my achievement of winning level 4 (her code “9rUGU5z”).
I went a step further and let my 5 and a half year old play. On the third try
he was able to win level 2. More importantly he was drawn to the game and
enjoyed playing.

The role of the game and the
trade-offs

The role of the game is
rather simple; it supposes to convey the message of delicate balance needed in
order to manage the risk. Only by careful dosage of preventive measures,
research and insurance will the population prosper. Main idea is to be able to
assess the likelihood of the unwanted event and the severity of the same in
order to be able to determine what is the best strategy. 

Important issue is time
constraint and limited resources which are pressing to make concessions and
take calculated risks. Sometimes this works, and in plain language it is called
luck. Some other times it does not and disaster strikes. Important message that
people should know, and game is making sure this happens, is that disastrous
event happen unpredictable, even if you have some parameters suggesting
otherwise. In these events most probable outcome is unrecoverable attrition.

During playing of the
game I found it difficult to balance protection measures build up and effect
this had on the wealth accumulation. Equally so it was difficult to balance correct
dosage of research and preventive measures, simply due to time needed. Purchase
of insurance came rather easy, though it was found unnecessary in first two
levels, but practically impossible to play without at level 4.

Number of times game was played?

I have played the game
10 to 15 times, not counting plays by my wife and son. As I’m not the most
computer savvy person and playing games is not my forte I needed to play for
the first two times just to understand the commands and the main principles. I
also needed to re-read the instructions to better understand what the objective
of the game is and what the rules are.

Once playing started
each level and each game had a slight adjustment. I wanted to test how things
would work without insurance for example, and how far could this type of game
reach. On subsequent game research was reduced to minimum, and so on. Idea was
to find out the balance, and as predicted balance is very difficult to find. As
well important to note, with level difficulty strategy had to be modified in
order to progress.

Suggestions and recommendations for
improvement

I would like to suggest
to ad a feature which would simulate humanitarian aid. Unpredictable variable
which can, and don’t have to appear depending on the level of attrition sustained
by the disastrous event. Although one can argue that this cannot and should not
be part of the risk management, however it must not be forgotten that this
element exist in the real life. More importantly it is of essential importance
for rebuilding of societies struck by major disasters. It also shows compassion
and offer opportunity for one person to help total strangers in the other parts
of the world. 