7326002

Risk Horizon is one hell of a game. It is one those rare examples which combine fun with knowledge and that makes it an unmatchable platform for learning the concepts of Risk Management.Here are my takeaways from playing this game : Research is the first step in risk management. Obviously research will require some resources but its advantages far outweigh its cost. Once we have identified the problems or risks by means of research, we can move on to take effective steps for mitigating the risks. Thus research helps us to take judicious decisions for proper utilization of the resources for risk mitigation.Protection is the next step in risk management. Once we have identified all the risks, we can move on to take steps for building or enhancing the protection against those risks. Again, the proper utilization of the resources for building protection depends a lot on the knowledge we have gained through research.Insurance more or less goes hand in hand with protection. If we feel that the risk is too severe and we would not be able to build or enhance the protection for the risk due to resource or time limitations, then  insurance comes into the picture. Insurance helps us in recovering the damages much faster.Preparation for risk allows the community to develop without worrying about the risks as the steps for risk mitigation have already been taken. Its makes the community more resilient and thus the pace of development is steady.The community connection mini-game effectively shows the importance of closely knit society in facing the risk and redevelopment after the risk has materialized.The game has helped me in learning and comfortably applying the concepts of Risk Management. The time management is one other aspect that this game teaches so effectively. Although the game in its present form is really informative and intuitive, following things if added can make it even more effective for imparting the concepts of risk management to novices like me.If an option for the rate of development of the community can be given, it would enable the players to learn about the role that risk management can play in pacing up or slowing down the rate of development. As I hail from India, I think agriculture plays a very important role in India's economy. The farmers as it is are not very well off in my country and hence, to burden them with insurance costs further hampers their endeavor of prosperity. In addition to insurance, a provision of incentive will help in ensuring that the community is on track for development.