7348600

The role of risk management in the game is that it helped me plan for unforeseen damage the comet could cause to the community development using different level of protection, insurance and knowledge. It also make me understand that in planning for risk, one has to incur some cost or resources (cost for insurance, time spent on protection and acquiring knowledge). Risk management involves undertaking certain level of risk (because you are not sure of the outcome of your action) to achieve success. But this does not guarantee a hundred percentage at times.In developing the community, there are few choices made like purchasing insurance, or increasing your level of protection. All of these depend on the severity of the hit which can be detected or known by clicking on the exact comet  moving towards the earth at a particular time. Click on the comet to check the chances of hit and the severity of the hit. Each of this has 10 bars before it. Checking this bar help determine the level of preparation to make in order to counter or manage the amount of damage that can be caused by the comet. For example, if the severity of hit is high maybe on scale 6-7 and chances of hit is also high on scale 6, it is best to purchase insurance for the pods already developed and also increase the level of protection to a scale higher than that of the severity of hit by one (1). The logic is done by always making your level of protection higher than the level of severity of hit. You can also upgrade your pods.I played the game more than once. I actually started by developing the plot of lands, purchasing insurance and neglecting the fact that I had to increase the level of protection. And when the comet struck the pods were destroyed which shouldn't or couldn't have happened if I had increased the level of protection. Although, the cost of repair was reduced due to the insurance purchased earlier. The second time I played, I tried developing the land, increasing the level of protection to commensurate with the severity of hit and sometimes even higher depending on the chances of hit and it really worked well. But when the severity of hit and chances of hit are high, I had to purchase insurance to cover up for any damage and also increased the level of protection. The lesson learnt here is that to manage risk you have to combine different resources (knowledge, insurance and protection) not just depending on one say insurance alone.If I had to propose a better risk management that matter in the place I live, it will be against flood. In the area that I live presently, houses are built without proper layout and drainage system. Whenever it rains, the road gets flooded easily and this has in turn led to the gradual degradation of the roads in which the residents are incognisant of.  And most of the time when there is a heavy downpour water floods the houses and not only the road as earlier said. I have planned to schedule a risk management plan meeting with the resident association to carry out plans to mitigate against any future re-occurrence of  flood in the area. Plans include contributing as a community towards constructing good drainage system or making it compulsory for every resident to construct a drainage system in front of their houses.