7348621

In Risk Horizon, I had to balance the the costs of comet strikes with the benefits of developing my pods.If I spent too much on prevention, I would not have enough money to develop my pods and complete the game. However, if I did not spend enough, I would end up spending more money on repairs anyway. Research on the comets was another trade-off, as I could not do anything while undergoing research, yet doing the research meant I could afford to spend a bit less on raising the platform.The final trade-off was insurance. If I was going to protect my pods to a large extent, investing in insurance wasn’t worth it. However, if I was willing to let my pods get damaged a bit, I could save a lot of money by buying insurance instead of raising my landDirect preparation for risk - in the form of raising the pods - retards development, as it consumes money and time that could have been spent developing the pods. It is also an opportunity cost in terms of responding to the most immediate threat, researching the incoming comet. However, the benefits of appropriate - and not excessive - preparation saves a lot of money as well, in the form of money saved on repairs.If I were to play the game again, I would probably spend less over-preparing for comet strikes, as it consumed a lot of time and money. Spending more time researching the comet would have given me equal results. My money management improved as I played through the levels, as I was more familiar with the costs of each action, and the frequency of strong comets. Additional knowledge and experience allows me to make more informed choices with regards to the probability of an event occurring, and allows me to prepare accordingly.If I could add a feature, I would include a record of all past comets that summarises the frequency of different strengths of comets for even 2-minute interval that is updated with every comet that passes the planet, so that the player can make also choices based on historical data and past trends.