7351054

The Risk Horizon Game is all
about a community named Alora, built with certain milestones and can be
destroyed through falling comets. The gamer’s job is to protect Alora from the
falling comets, and certain decisions is needed to protect to increase points
until the gamer reached the final level 6

Role of Risk Management

I have realized
the game was all about making decisions by confronting risks (severity of the
fall of the comets) by choosing between protection, insurance and research and
at the same time using limited resources (the dollar on the screen) to build
milestones. The best decision from the three preparation (insurance, protection
and research) will increase points, thus protecting the community from
disaster. In real life, we have to make good decisions so once a community
experienced natural disasters; Community is ready to face and cope with these
natural calamities. 

Since decisions
cannot be choose simultaneously, you have to choose between the three elements
given on the game. If the falling comet had a really chance of hitting on
Alora, I have to press more on the research button than the protection. If the
severity was really high, I have to choose on using protection and increase its
level. From the start of the game, I purchased a 50% insurance to ensure that I’ll
have a cheaper repair cost each time a comet fall and land on Alora. In making decision, you have to allot
these “resources” into the best choices as possible in order to prevent damage
after a natural disaster. Acquiring insurance before a natural disaster can save
a lot of money, research or forecasting the possibility that a calamity may
occur can inform the community and thus will benchmark its level of readiness
once the disaster occurred and lastly protection that will reduce the
probability of losses on the community. 

Thus, the
development of the community varies with these 3 elements. You may see a
development after a disaster on the insurance part, since it covers the cost of
the damage made by the disaster. On the other hand, a community will experience
a development once preparation on research and protection occurred before the
disaster. Research provides information and protection reduce losses and thus
will result to decreasing the possibility of fatality since people will prepare
for the risk.

Game Reflection

                Risk
Horizon Game was really a hard game. If there is something that I want to
change on my own strategy,  that is  I should have build more milestones, should
have purchase earlier insurance, should research more depending on the possibility
of being hit and the severity and lastly I should focused more on protecting
Alora. The main things I learned from the game is you have to balanced the 3
elements of preparing for natural disasters. Scenarios need its own elements to
prevent milestones (community) on getting damage.

Recommendations

                Since I live
in the Philippines were natural calamities particularly storms occur every
single year, I want to develop a game that will be more familiar with my target
audience (specifically Filipinos). I will change the milestones into our own
native house “bahay-kubo” (upgrading it by using sturdier material), the
falling comets into storm (thunderstorm if it’s more powerful), and protection
by building more drainage system (to protect them from floods). In this simple
step I can show to Filipinos how risk management can save a lot of people and a
lot of things as well on a storm. 