7362597

In the game, people need to manage the risk
of building damage from the shocks that make by comets when they hit the ground.
Thus, when there is no comets in the space, I always use the 80% of the money
for development. However, when a comet appear, I always check the chance of hit
at the first time, so that I can decide whether I need to buy an insurance or to
raise the village to protect it. If the possibility is more than 60%, I will
keep look at it until the research bar goes to 20%. Then, if the chance of hit
is still high, I will check the severity of the hit. If the severity is just
about 50% or less, I will choose to raise the village rather than buy an
insurance. If the severity is beyond 50% and at the same time if I have enough
money, I tend to buy the highest-pay insurance, so that I can be paid a lot
when a comet hit the ground and damage the buildings. In this situation, I just
spend little money on repair. If I do not have enough money, I will pay the
bill for a cheaper insurance. No matter how, I can reduce the expense of repair
by buying an insurance and fit the meter in need as soon as possible.

 

I played the game three times. At first, I
just focused on development. I spent almost the whole money for construction
and upgrade. I have no money to buy the insurance or even raise the village. Therefore,
I lost the game in level 2 for I had to pay a huge amount of money for repair,
so that I cannot meet the need of the meter. In the second time, I decided to
use some money for insurance, however, due to I built all 9 buildings at first
level. I had very limited money to pay for the insurance so that I fail to meet
the need again. In the last time, I totally changed my ways of development. At
first, I just built 4 buildings, and then upgraded one of them. When the risk
of damage was high, I bought an insurance for fear that I pay a large amount of
repair expense. From this game, I learned that the speed of development should
be appropriate. If the speed is too fast, the risk will increase a lot so that
there will be a high possibility losing a lot. In addition, buying insurance is
a good way to reduce the loss.

 

I think living expense is a good and simple
thing that can be added to this game. In daily life, you can earn money by working;
you also have an expense of money for buying food, clothes and other things. Besides,
if you want to live in a good house, you have to pay more. The same idea can be
used in the game. To different level of the buildings, the higher level the
building is, the higher living expense should be paid. In this way, players
will have to consider the living expense when they decide to upgrade the buildings.
A more complicated decision should be made, so that player can not only reduce
the risk of loss but also meet the need of the meter.