7368901

The role of risk management
was to prepare for iminente  meteors hit whilst
continuing with its development plans.

I invested on meteors
research so to plan other priorities. By learning their intensity
and severity of hit, I could better plan in advance towards protection and
insuring.

Time and money was also an
issue as one has a limited period of time to make decisions and
limited amount of money, having to make choices between buying a
better insurance or upgrading the development, whilst still looking at protection. Decisions were taken gradualy, analysing potential risk.Each meteor had its own characteristics in terms of hitting and causing potential damage. It is necessary to observe history of possible damage in case of being struck by a meteor.

By preparing for risk,
investing on protection, research as well as purchasing insurance which became more
and more expensive as the game progressed, development was affected moneywise as not enough funds were left for development immediately. Upgrades
gradually took longer and longer to be completed besides more expensive.In addition to financial resources, time management also played an important issue, as many decisions would have to be taken simultaneously.

I played the game more than
once. When I played for the first time I focused on development and protection and ignored
research. So after the first game, I invested more on research and tried to balance out my
choices more prudently so to have protection and development evolving along
side.

The main thing that I learnt
from the game was that knowledge is crucial for development. Knowledge on meteros helped me to prioritize on protection, or upgrade whilst not losing focuns on development.

By investing in knowledge,
you are investing in development and tackling any potential disruptions such as
potential meteor catastrophe.

I would add the drought
element along with pest growth, which is seasonal where I live, however it is
responsible for causing destruction, death and seriously affecting crops, which therefore results in food price increase if there is a shortage.In this case, when
dry season comes it is necessary to have a good irrigation system as well as
good pesticidas to fight against pests. In this case, investing on technology should be enough to upgrade the irrigation system, however research on crop pests would be required to to find out what the best pesticide is. It is known that pests grow stronger with pesticides so constant investment would be required. 

 

 