7368983

1. The role of risk management in game is: The interlinked components of risk management: knowledge, insurance, protection and coping develop a quality system for the protection of the community.2. I played the game several times
and after analyzing each played games I
copied the successful steps in which there was no harm
and attempted to correct
the steps that led to the error.

The first steps were needed to build the
local community and empower her to be ready to
shocks and risks (risk
preparation). The goal of risk management is to mitigate
the losses and improve the benefits that people experience when they face risk
and opportunity. The
research surrounding  community gets information
to
assess potential risks and then deciding how to act. Based on research “people know what the
possible outcomes are and can assess their probabilities, there is still uncertainty
about what will actually happen.” Meteor’s are arriving at high speed and
was in need of timely
protection. Based on the research
I decided (better knowledge about risk) that
the meteorite is
in need of greater protection or insurance payments. If it is not in great danger, I had time to empower the
community. At the same time,
I was careful to finance in order to have
sufficient funds available that can increase protection. In one
case I am spend more time for research and as a result I had a loss levels.
In other time I am empowered the community in time of meteor’s hit and loss
life.

In several cases, I had to predict
the "attack" of meteor whether
the risk to be great or it will not even be.
During the investigation, the
indicator showed a huge risk and after I ensure the
protection of the meteor was
"disappeared" and there was no damage in
the destruction but was damage to finances
and "health" because the resources are not well used. Sometimes
all the preparation and protection were not enough to preserve the security of the community but I had not a lot of damage and destruction.
 I am upgrade my pods in time and  hit’s of meteor haven’t big damage. I am used
different forms of protection for different type of risk.

Research (knowledge), security and protection
of the right time and work together to help reduce the risk and damage. In last level I am
coping all good action and try reduced risk.

3. New version of
the game:

A
game that would best describe the
community in which
I live to contain the danger of
war and shock after war, destruction of
the economy, job loss, "brain drain", emigration population from
countries affected by war and
economic crisis, floods, financial
crises.

Example:  Start of the game is from entry-level, which is the first year of taking the country by the initial loan. As the country builds and develops retail (administration, cities, education system, economy and agriculture, health and social care, banks, military) by increasing the stock of gold bars. Earth threaten natural disasters (earthquake, flood, drought, hail, etc.) and the threat of war from neighboring countries and peoples shall provide adequate protection (risk management goals). Each level is the next year. As the population successfully defended by increasing the amount of stored gold bars. If you run out of money, the country may seek financial assistance from other countries and puts a mortgage on part of the territory. The game would show the real threat to the country and has one more level (years) country survives encounters at every level with different risks that need to be removed.