7383742

The game taught us to employ the tools of risk management viz.
knowledge, protection, insurance and coping. Acquiring knowledge about the risk
was time consuming but it was helpful in minimizing the damage once the risk
materialized. Knowledge was necessary in order to know in advance about the
severity of risk and its probability of materializing which was in turn useful
was acquiring sufficient level of protection and insurance. At times when
research was missed for a risk the damages to development were huge and coping
mechanism was also adversely affected. There was a trade-off between spending
time on acquiring knowledge and taking up development (building and upgrading
pods) activities and time had to be very judicially divided between the two
activities as too much of time spent on acquiring knowledge was hampering
development.

In the first attempt, I completely missed the importance of research
and community networking after the risk had materialized. Even though I was
doing well on development front but since I was not adequately researching
about the risk the damages were massive and were undoing all that was done. I
was focusing majorly on protection and insurance which was not sufficient for
managing the risk comprehensively. In the subsequent attempts, I started spending
time on research as per the probability of risk materializing. If the probability
was high I would spend a higher time on research and thus I would get more time
for coping for the risk once the risk had materialized. Another thing that I was
not doing right in the earlier attempts was that I was being too risk averse
and I was not spending sufficient time on developing resources because I was too
apprehensive of the risk when the probability of it materializing or its
predicted severity was not very high. Key things I learnt were – 

·  Risk management
is necessary in order to pursue development opportunities 

·  Preparation
in terms of acquiring knowledge about the risk is the key in order to assess
the severity and probability of the risk materializing

·  Protection
needs to be adequate and should be commensurate with the anticipated severity
of the risk

·  Insurance
is necessary for providing for funds required for mitigating losses once the
risk has materialized

·  Once the
risk has materialized community networking is a critical step towards coping and
a good preparation leads to a more efficient coping

All the risks presented in the game in form of comets were unavoidable
and there was no choice but to manage them but in the present version there is
no element of voluntary risk taking. If I were to add one thing in the game,
that would be an option to take on some risks voluntarily. That could be in
form of constructing some structures that would double the rate of development
but if they, say, exploded then the damage would have been twice as much.
Accordingly knowledge, protection, insurance and coping measures could have
been built in. 