7384964

Game ReflectionThe risk management in the game was mostly about dealing with a trade off: should I invest most of my money in development, upgrading or insurance? And how much time should be invest in research (i.e. assessment of the risks) instead of building up protection. Knowing how severe an impact may be, helped in getting sufficient prepayments. But while researching, one couldn't build up protection at the same time. While initiated developments continued during preparing for a risk, while preparing no further upgrades or developments could be initiated.Next time I play this game, I would invest more in development, a bit less in insurance, and make sure the protection was adequate, but not excessively more than necessary. At the later levels I had trouble keeping up with initiating further developments and upgraded because I was constantly working on preparing for risks. I suspect I could have done better by taking a bit more chances and sometimes just take the risk instead of avoiding it all the time. I might have been better off by buying a cheap insurance and protect for a medium level, but focus on development rather than constantly tracking all comets. I discovered an impact isn't necessarily fatal in the game, given that in the aftermath there is enough time and money to repair the damage. Furthermore a social infrastructure can help to minimize the damage when it actually happens. In the end I failed prematurely with unspent money and underdeveloped pods.I my own country, the Netherlands, we create polders underneath the sea level for cities and agriculture. Also we extend the coastlines to build larger ports or harbors. Naturally, this comes with a risk: floodings can happen in extreme weather or when a dike fails. We take the risk, because the new land boosts our economy and makes our densely populated country more inhabitable. We have been successful in preventing catastrophes by investing in engineering projects. There is a clear benefit in taking the risk, and there is a way to actually lower the risks by improving our technology - rather than finding ways to control the potential damage.In the game I was missing a way to invest in research for better protection or actually lowering the risks. Also, it wasn't clear what the benefit was of building pods in a reasonably risky environment. The gains (credits) didn't seem to be related to the risk involved: e.g. more comets didn't seem to get me more money. In reality there often is a clear benefit why people inhabit and develop certain naturally risky locations. To reflect that in the came I would suggest that the more comets pass by, the more credits one get. Maybe this is a game mechanism that was already present in the game, but I didn't recognize if this was the case. To let the player have some control of how much risk is acceptable, I would suggest to have more potential pod locations and let each location have a different risk and likewise potential gains.I enjoyed playing the came, because it demonstrated that merely being 'afraid' of any potential damage doesn't help. Constantly monitoring the risks and preparing for the worst may be wise, but only if in the meantime one doesn't forget to make use of the potential for development. It doesn't make sense to take any risk when there isn't any benefit in doing so. While the game could be improved in this respect, it does clearly demonstrates that risk management isn't only about monitoring risks and preparing for damage control but also about taking opportunities.