7385748

The role of risk manager in the game was to develop a community to the best of his knowledge and ability your ability while meeting certain milestones along the way and using the given tools to their full effect in order to reach success and exploit the given technology for the benefit of the community.As a risk manager, the first thing which I did was that in the very first run I installed 4 pods so that the income could generate at a steady pace which paid off and the development bar reached its peak way before any comet could hit or cause severe damage. Within the first minute enough capital was accumulated that I bought insurance, as in case if the asteroid hit the pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovered lost development time after pods are repaired. By using the three given powers in concert with development, I was able to create a healthy community and as a result I was able to reach the 5th level in my very first attempt. Even though I tried numerous times to beat the game but unable to do so, the only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance, e.g. installing too many pods will increase your income whereas in the later levels your progress will be slow due to the fact that overheads increase with earnings. After the fifth level it was difficult to manage and reach balance to reach equilibrium of sustainable development.The research tool helped in a way that it gave power to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. when you begin to accumulate research with each filled in notch, you receive more time to create community connections right before the comet hits, helping boost protection. The slider, located on the bottom right of the screen, when held in upright position to raises the level of your island by matching your level of protection, indicated by the meter to the right of the slider, with the severity of the comet, I was able to prevent pods from being damaged! The game is simple, yet, very informative. If you attempt it more than once you can experiment with given options, i.e. selecting an insurance plan. installation and up-gradation of pods at crucial time and research to keep your community safe from any mishap. The most important thing which I learned is that managing risk is not as simple as it sounds you always have to keep thinking and from different angels as what will happen in a certain scenario and how you will be able to manage it or if you get into some trouble how you will work your way out of it.If I were allowed to to change or develop this game I would introduce a sell feature for the pods so if you have excess pods which are hampering your growth you can sell them and earn money to reinvest in research or buy a different insurance plan.