7385220

The role of risk management in this game came became clearer to me as it progressed. The concept of preparation for risks, confronting risk and coping with the effects were the principle elements of this game. It was necessary to assess the likelihood of the risk, and still prepare for it, whether or not the probability was high or it was predicted to be less severe. The financial principle was also very important, as some of my decisions were based on the resources that I had available.Sometimes, I made sure that I had insurance which would cover damages, and when I could not afford the highest coverage, I would raise my floor, as this was sometimes more affordable than the 75% insurance coverage. I would sometimes wait until my wealth increased before taking additional insurance. I paced a lot of focus on research on each comet. However despite my research results of the severity and chances, I never dismissed any risk, despite how unlikely it seemed. I focused more on repairing and insuring what I had already built, than creating new developments. I played the game several times. The first time I played I did not pass level one. I did not understand completely how wealth was attained in the game. On realizing that they were returns on my developments, i understood more why there as a need to protect what I had built. I tried to balance raising the floor with the insurance. I also build more developments while i monitored the progress of the comets. After a hit, I would quickly repair while monitoring the approaching comets. During times when it seemed safe, I would build more developments and try to ensure I have insurance on it. When finances were low, I would sometimes settle for a lower coverage which I could afford, along with raising of my floor.From the game I learned how much constant monitoring and preparation is needed in risk management. It is not an occasional phenomenon, It is an ongoing process and after a hit, it is just a matter of recovery and moving on. If i were to change one thing in the game, it would be to be able to make specific choices in terms of the upgrade. In that way one would opt for add-ons according to their priorities. In risk management priorities are also a very important factor as policy makers need to figure out what is more important for development. .