7386756

 

In
the Risk Horizon we have to deal with a single threat coming from comets falling
in the see and thus causing a massive wave. There are four ways to deal with
the risk in the game.

One
way is to raise the level of your settlement off the ground. By raising the
ground level the settlement is more resistive to flooding. I found this to be
the most important mechanism.

Secondly
we can buy insurance where there are available three insurance contracts at
increasing prices. In the game I always bought only the 1st level of
insurance.

Thirdly,
we can study the falling comets assessing the probability of impact and the
severity of the impact. 

Having
been hit by the comet, we can try to mitigate further the impact by building some
community connections.

It
is very important to balance the money spent for risk management with the money
spent for development in order to be able to progress fast enough so that you
complete each level.

Starting
the game I choose not to buy insurance at level 1 but use some ground elevation
to protect my community, while building fast. I bought insurance level 1 at the
start of the rest of the levels.

By
reaching the end of time in each level I tried to elevate my settlement as much
as possible and each time at the highest possible but after having completed my
development. I tried to keep the high level of elevation after every impact.

I
also studied the comets with more attention to the serious threats and at the
possible max for each one.

At
level 4 there was no more any impact from the comets, and money was increasing
fast, meaning that in a risk management mature community many of the risks will
be handled with minimum at least consequences. 

In
real world even following a risk management strategy it will require
considerable time and continuous efforts to reach such a level of maturity,

I
played the game several times (about 4-5 times) and I improved by paying
attention to building fast and upgrading fast because the first two times I
missed that point. The key point being to find a balance between risk spending
and development it was not very difficult to adjust the strategy. The strategy
I found working was to buy only 1st level of insurance and try to
have the settlement at the highest possible level above the ground, and study
the comets.

One
thing missing from the game is the behavioral obstacles imposed by the
community itself in managing risk, which in my opinion is the most serious of
obstacles in promoting risk management strategies in the real world. 

 

 