7390412

The role of risk management in this game is to counteract the damage caused
by negative events (comets hitting) and to accomplish development goals through
improving protection levels, spending time doing research about coming negative
events before the impact to get more time connecting the whole community,
purchasing insurance to cover part of the loss and costs to repair damaged
construction and coping with the actual damage after the impact in order to
recover from it.

In the game, one decision I had made is to purchase insurance at the very
beginning of each level. The reason is insurance can significantly reduce the
cost for recovery after the damage and the loss caused by the negative events.
Also insurance will not lower the rate of development directly. So I chose insurance
as the first and necessary step of risk management. Another decision is that I
spent most of my time looking out into space and learn the chance of the comet
hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. Research helps
player to reduce the severity of impact and gain more time to connect the whole
community to gain more protection right after the impact. When there’s more
than one comets coming, I chose to scan each of them first and allocate my
research time according to their time until impact, chance to hit and severity,
trying to cover the most urgent event with high severity level first. 
Protection is very powerful but coming with a huge cost, lowering the
development rate. So I didn’t spend my time and resource to improve protection
unless I was very sure that I can accomplish the development goal while
handling coming comets well. I believe the point is to lift the protection
level to match with the level of your game and your development level.

Even only protection lowers the development rate directly, other ways may
also effect the development rate in different ways. For instance, the money
used to buy insurance and doing research could be used to build construction to
improve development rate. However, I feel that in the game these risk
management methods are cost efficient and can improve development rate in the
long run. They are also very necessary for accomplishing the development goal,
considering the extremely heavy loss caused by negative events and huge cost
for recovery.

The first time I played, I failed to realize the importance of research. And
I didn‘t save enough money before the impact and ended up spending too much
time doing nothing but waiting for money to fix damaged construction. After
trying many time, I learned that the whole game is about balancing risk
preparation and healthy development. And doing research about coming major
negative events is probably the most important and most active way to deal with
a coming impact, but your level of protection, in the long run, is the real
crucial factor for surviving. In the first few times, I didn’t realize that and
didn’t spend much of my resource on protection just because it seems too costly
and short-term useless. However, when it came to higher level of the game, it’s
getting harder and harder to survive due to low protection level. 

To better represent the risk management choices that matter, I would like to
add 3 chances for getting help from international organization or
inter-government organization. A player can only chose to use this resource
when he or she fail in the game. Every time a player use this resource, it will
get the player back into the game with all damaged pods repaired and some extra
time left. But all pods will be degraded for one level as a consequence of
shock. Sometimes, a single country is not able to solve a problem by itself.
Asking for help from outside of the country is necessary. However, we can only
expect this help as the last choice we have.



