7390676

Question #1:

The risk management portrayed in this game provides a multi-dimensional perspective that is accurate to many real world examples. The game shows many things are necessary to make the project work such as developmental costs, risk assessment, the need for research and risk mitigation. It is shown  that mitigation techniques can spare us from total devastation.

Development (power of the community):  The game is accurate to real world examples concerning the idea of development. No man is an island' is an accurate statement about community, in which progress as a community is dependent on the individuals who contribute to it. The sum is greater than its parts. Furthermore, investing in new initiatives such as new tools, new ideas, drainage systems, irrigation systems, etc. have been proven to increase the community output in terms of financial reward, protection, family life and reducing the risk of substance abuse and emotional volatility. However with increased development comes increased risk.

Threats:  The game and the course has taught me that bad things can happen which makes us as individuals and communities vulnerable. Denial of potential loss is a dangerous game, we must be aware of threats, have a contingency plan and be proactive about putting these plans in action.

Risk Mitigation:  Although threats are out there, this does not mean that we have to be completely vulnerable to these threats. The game teaches us that putting a game plan into action can make it work. 

Insurance:  Insurance protection is a safe bet in terms of the cost and the protection it offers. 

Other protection (raising the village):  This seemed like a good idea at first but the latency of moving the village up did not seem to be worth the time investment. It seems that investing in research has a much better return. 

Research:  the game clearly shows the benefits of research. Much of suffering is due to ignorance and the antidote to ignorance is education arising from research. The game showed that the more time devoted to research, the more productive the community becomes and the more oppurtunity to rectify potential destruction. Once research is completed, it must be put into action. 

Being Proactive: Being proactive may be the most important key in which all of the contingency plans must be put into action. It requires a committment from all people, from the community members to the directors, government and aid agencies. The example of Mumbai and the problem with flooding was due not to the upper level but to the community members who failed to put the plan into action. 

Summary: The game shows that disaster can strike and we must prepare for the worst by using all the tools at our disposal. This would include risk mitigation techniques such as insurance, research and strategic thinking. Building strong communities is vital for survival as well.

Question #2:

I had trouble at first understanding the game, that is weighing and prioritizing the critical issues and the non-critical issues. I played the game more than once and began to change some of the parameters to understand the affects of those changes. The game allows the user to view the uncertainty of the hits both in severity and the probability of hits.

Question #3:

I would make the instructions a little more clear. There seems to be some confusion on the remediation part (lighted circles following a hit), there seems no clear way to clear the destruction. Secondly I would allow the protection slide bar to increase faster. It is quite difficult to monitor the comets and use the protection bar.