7391331



1) Risk management as define as in
lesson is the responsibility of helping an individual, a house hold or a
community from been affected by risk of any kind. The role of risk management
in the game was to prevent the community from been affected by the flood. I took
the risk of buying high insurance premiums in when the risk of damaged to be
cause by the alora is very high so as to spend little when reconstructing the
community after a disaster, on protection I rebuild the community as fast as
possible after the disaster so as to enable the community inhabitants come back
to normal life after the occurrence a disaster, on know I did research each
time an alora is coming from the sky to know the gravity of the damage it might
cause to the community and also I raise the level of mu community to minimize damages.

  

2)The more I played the game I got
to know practically how risk or disaster can be mitigated in a community
through the application of principles of protection, knowledge, insurance which
are back bone to disaster management as explained in the week two study note. After
my first attempted I went back to the lecture notes on how to play the game to
gain more clue on how to play the game more successfully. Basically I learned
that to mitigate disaster risk four things has to be taken into consideration;

-Protection- we have to protect ourselves
from current and future risks

-Knowledge- if we have vivid
knowledge of the risk affecting individuals and communities we will be able to
mitigate them easily 

-Insurance – when good insurance
policies are taken we can reconstruction after the happening of events with
little or no stress and go for more risky opportunities.

-Reconstruction- this very important
to reinstate the community to its initial position that it was before the
happening. This is a essential principle of coping.

 

3) Consultation meetings after knowledge of a drawing
risk. Meaning the community prone to the risk should have it as a habit to
always t  discuss ways to mitigate the
risk at the point they are aware the risk is inevitable.

Secondly there should be a community solidarity fund to
raise money to buy insurance. With this way the aspect of insurance will be
more easy only the situation where insurance is been bought one time. With this
insurance can be bought each time an alora is coming 

