7393124

In the game, there were three main methods of risk management:Raising my settlement as a form of protection against risk;Buying insurance;Researching the comet to gain knowledge of the risk.Raising my settlement was a long-term investment as it required significant amounts of time and constant re-raising after each comet that hit, highlighting to me the large cost trade-offs of protection. As such, in real life, we often observe that it is governments who take on the burden of protecting against risk, such as erecting flood barriers, as individuals do not possess enough capital on their own to do so. In addition, raising my settlement halted development, showing the trade-off created by the cost of protection against investing those resources in development.Buying insurance was also costly in the beginning when I only had one settlement, but as the level and number of settlements increased, it became optimal for me to pay for insurance as the initial investment often exceeded the break-even point (i.e. I got more insurance payouts than how much I paid for insurance). In the case where the resources for protection exceeded the cost of insurance, I might even have preferred to buy insurance rather than wasting development time on protection.Researching the comet helped me manage risk better because I knew how much to invest in meeting protection levels or whether to buy insurance, making my risk management more cost-efficient. However, this also meant I had to spend time "researching" the comet rather than managing my settlement.In all these methods, the main theme linking my options was risk versus cost. For example, in cases where the comet had a very low damage impact (and hence low cost), even if it had a high chance of impact I would not bother much about it as my protection was adequate. In some cases, even if I had over-prepared my protection level (i.e. a high-risk high-impact comet did not actually hit), the investment came in useful as I did not have to prepare again for the following comets. Hence, the benefits of risk management far outweighed its cost regardless of whether the risk materialized.If I were to do it again, I would better manage my protection levels as I invested far too much in protection, slowing my development to the point where I failed the level. I would have better matched my protection levels to the risk, or invested in alternative risk-management tools like insurance. Hence in some cases over-preparation to the extreme was also not beneficial.To better help the game, I would also include a mechanism by which the effect of one risk could affect other risks, replicating the cascading effect in real-life disasters, such as how economic disasters often limit the ability of governments to deal with the next economic disaster. Thus, a comet impact might also lead to higher monetary costs.