7394516

1. The role of risk management in the game basically is to take preemptive actions to avoid or mitigate the effects of the comets hitting island Alora and also to put in possible coping mechanisms after such hits. Some of the preemptive actions I had to take while playing the game was to build and develop as many water pods as possible to cushion the effect of possible shocks from the comets and also to protect the island by raising the level during any hit..I also had ti take preventive actions against future shocks by taking out time to research on the impending and recurrent natural disasters and occasionally take out insurance to help me mitigate the cost of repairs to the water pods in event of any hit. After any hit, I had to also connect the community pods to drum up joint support to cope with any shock.Inasmuch I would have liked to develop all the water pods before any imminent hit by any of the comets, I found out that I could not because of limited resources and i had to explore other options available like research to give me insight on how to manage any imminent hit. Bottom line I had to trade off  insurance and development of the water pods to gain knowledge from research and protect the island and vice versa. I also relied on joint community efforts to  pool resources together to cope with the shocks after each hit.Carrying out research in the face of possible hit, slowed down the rate of the development of the water pods but it gave me time analyse the possible outcome of the shocks and allowed me to increase my resources either continuing development of the pods for for repairing any damaged ones.2. I played the games more than once. Initially I had no clues that the water pods once spud can be upgraded and each time a comet hit the island, the damage was usually devastating. I also did not research the comets. I started upgrading my pods, researching the comets.The main things I learnt from the game are: preventive actions work well with first hand information/knowledge and protective actions require huge resources but both category of actions compliment each other. Taking preventive actions most time can help one to save resources but yet again you have to utilise some of the resources you have to secure your future to an extent which is taking a risk availing yourself of the opportunity of a better secure future/ benefit.3. The change I will propose will be to add risk indicators. If I were living on Alora Island, there will be weather indicators indicating forming/ approaching comets.For my present location, I will advocate for better research information to be made available to policy makers at state and local authorities level, increase the awareness for insurance and joint community cooperation to prevent and mitigate possible risks.