7396135

Risk is a function of the hazards to which a community is
exposed and the vulnerabilities of that community (WHO, 2007). Risk management
is connected to the process of human development. The World Development Report (WDR, 2014) argues that risk
management can be a powerful instrument for development—not only by building
people’s resilience and thus reducing the effects of adverse events but also by
allowing them to take advantage of opportunities for improvement. Therefore,
the role of risk management in the game is to build capacity to reduce the losses
and improve the benefits that people may experience while conducting their lives
and pursuing development opportunities.

The choices I made were to identify the hazards and what is vulnerable
to the communities. I realized building more pods increases population growth which
lead to  over exploitation of natural resources. In terms of knowledge, I decided
to build few pods and concentrate more on protection. I researched more in disaster
reduction, while in protecting the community.  I discovered activities and
measures I needed to take in advance to ensure effective response to the impact
of a hazard, including measures related to timely and effective warnings as
well as emergency planning. Then several pods were protected through insurance to
avoid complete disaster. Insurance includes any instruments that transfer resources
to people from good to bad (WDR, 2014).  On
the other hand, the preparation for risk management affects development positively
because it helps to minimize impacts, which helps community to recover quickly if
an incident occurs. Therefore, Knowledge, protection and Insurance constitute preparation.

I
played the game more than once, what I did differently, was to reduce the
number of pods around the pool, reduce the amount of money I bought thorough insurance
and spend more time in research and development to avoid being hit by comets. I
had to update relevant knowledge by monitoring and assessing the emerging risks,
adapt and implement any necessary and available resources.   I also
observed that the progress bar turns green when I am making any developmental goal,
in order to make it turn green; I made sure I build and upgrade the pods often.
Alternatively, I also click on the comet to get a clue of the severity of the
threats and use this to increase my protection. If my protection level is three
bars, the severity level will be increased also.

Proposed
change

The change i will proposed include: Emergency
kit should be made available in each household. Different insurance policies
should be identified and made available to every community. Also, a recovery
team should be made asses-sable to every household, also there will be time frame to
monitor activities from reoccurring. Risk management obstacle should be added, as this is the sole goal keeper to risk management not allowing it to reach its goal. Also, corruption is responsible for most of the problems we face in developing areas, with corruption  so many people wont be employed, people will migrate to other places for employment. strategies promoting ethics and integrity should be in place, the should be guidance for in country programming to combat corruption and strengthen accountability.References:World Health Organization, 2007. Risk Reduction and Emergency Preparedness.World Development Report, 2014. Risk and Opportunity. Managing Risk for Development.