7397996

1. In the game of risk management is a collection of research, upgrades and insurance. It's impossible to get to the finish without one of the part, so basically as in life, that is one integral part. First I looked to protect my colony with good insurance,  after I upgrading my colony, and in same time with upgrade I research comets and depends of their damage I increase my protection. It was my plan for all levels.2. Because I played first time in 4 a.m., I didn't know what I'm doing, so I lost few times on level 2. But day after I concentrate to use knowledge so I found out that first time I didn't research comets and use right protection. That was my discovery. After I get on right level (I can't remember did i lost on 4 o 5 level) I lost again and found out one more thing. In fear of protection knowledge and insurance I forgot to upgrade my colony so when I found out that I am not in green zone it was too late. But because I was on level 4 or more I did't play again to win all game. But I pulled a lesson. Sometimes people forget to develop their countries in fear of risk. I guess that is only problem with well develop countries. The poor countries use fast developing without thinking of risk so they paying with peoples lives, but they growing faster. I think that right policy is something in the middle. We must developing our world but with some fillings about risk so we can lives.3. I don't have major complaints about the game. It's kindly interesting and to pass it you must to learn how risk works. In fun way I learned a lot. Maybe improvement in some video introduction will be good but in other case only that stuff that I must to read for winning a game is forced me to learn. Maybe music improve will be good, because this looks like game for kids, and this game it's all but not a kid's game :). Really hard if you don't read introduction and how to play it. Of course, knowledge what we got from videos and resource before can not hurt playing, it's only improving it. But definitely it's good refreshment from quiz in way of learning about risk management.And one more thing, it is very hard to get 400 words. Not to write, but to writhing about a game. Playing is good enough, and only few words (till 200 is good I think so) on game reflection is good.