7408206

1.Understanding risk  for various natural
calamities is important  to  educate community about means of
avoiding risk or facing risk.

Risk Managing team must have knowledge about the various risks
which can challenge the existence of community, the freqency
of occurrence of risk, its potential of damage and the way of
avoiding and diminishing the risk. Community development is an important activity for managing risk. Swift and accurate development helps mitigate the risk.

Once risk is identifying the risk management team have to ensure
proper co ordination between the various agencies involved like the funding agency
must allocate and release the money for project, implementation agency must
create the required infra structure within the time frame which must be well
before the expected time of occurrence of risk. The members of
community be advised and trained about minimizing the damage
from risk and then to be vigil enough about the upkeep of facilities developed
for fighting the risk.

in reality it is observed that the people do not respond to
advance warnings about the risk and they wait till the actual calamity do occur
and by that time it is too late to avoid or fight the risk posed by natural
calamity. So spreading the awareness about risk amongst the community
members/citizens must be main agenda of risk management team.

In developing coutries the availability of funds and budget
constraints also impede the preparations of risk management. International
community has a role in funding such countries.

Risk Management team of community or state must have complete
understanding about the frequency, potency of damage which may be caused, ways
and method of combating the risk  so that they fulfill the
responsibility  of community or state by  creating and providing
 an environment which provides safety against the natural calamity like
earthquake, floods, fire in forests, volcanic activity etc. The constraints of
budget, technology and time are factors which need to be understood for
appropriate planning and then the execution of plan

·        
The resources
available  need to  be pooled together in best possible manner for
creating the desired infrastructure of required strength for withstanding the
force/potency of risk. For example the safe houses prepared at the sea coast
must be having strength to withstand high pressure of wind and waves created by
tsunami/cyclone.

·        
 The technology
and skills required for creating infrastructure must be provided to the team
responsible for creating such infrastructure. Management of risk and opportunity  can be a discipline taught in higher classes of engineering colleges so that talent is readily available to the society.               

·        
Sufficient funds must
be allocated to create the infrastructure to give protection to community
members. Since business personnel has to weigh down between business opportunity and business risk each day so they have experts with them to advice on managing risk and opportunities. Governments/communities must use their competence by making business representatives as team members of risk management panel or team formed by Government. This will attract lot of funding from industry or business as well besides the talent.  Active involvement of society/ community members is also to be ensured by the government so that they may help in social audit of expenses being incurred on risk management projects funded by government or community.

2

                On replay
of game I understood that one has to prepare for next or higher level of risk
but the funds fell short either to upgrade of increase the insurance risk

 

3              Some
kind of help tips must appear on screen if the player is making lot many
mista