7408134

This game presented some aspects of the reality of aiming to
reach one’s development goals within certain resource constrains whilst
managing the risks derived from shocks (in this case “comets”) that may present
itself from time to time.  

The tools of effective risk management was constructed into
the game, including research for information illustrated by the importance of
weather forecasting, looking at the severity and chance of hit, insurance, and
protection.  It was clear that resources
are very limited and not always available at critical times of need which is in
sync with the reality of our current economies. It pointed out the fact that development
is a process and during that process the various elements of risk management
has to be implemented all along the way. 
The game also illustrated the importance of community linkages in times
of disaster.    

This game definitely reinforced the importance of
risk management for long term
and or sustainable development (as ones development level increased).   

Trade-offs had to be made in terms of choosing to continue
development or protect with insurance.  As
development stages increased the cost of insurance increased causing even more
constrains since insurance has to be a priority since insurance would help with
rebuilding in case the island “Alora” got hit. 

This game definitely illustrated in so many ways that
development is strategic, takes time and it is a process.  It will also requires dynamic planning as
there are so many uncertainties and one would have to constantly be dealing
with all the unexpected costs of various challenges that may arise including natural
disasters; the fundamental shock illustrated in the game.  Preparation for risk limited development since
research and insurance came at a cost that hindered additional development.  

When I played the game the second time I increased the
amount of research I did and I also purchased insurance much early rather than later
when the cost increased upon arrival of the disaster.  

If I were to develop a new version of the game I would
include points for and introduce the concept of damage based on proximity to the
sea / waves.  I think in most disasters
the amount of damage will differ based on the location of the development, infrastructure,
and buildings. Therefore it may be right to adjust the cost of repair or the
extent of damage to “pods” at the back lower than those near the ocean.  