7415174

  In this deliberately designed game, the key elements of risk management are reflected. Whether  players take effective risk management measures largely determines the result of the game. Playing the game, I must make choices about protection, construction and insurance, accompanied with trade-offs among them. For example, strengthening protection reduces damages but slows down the development; purchasing insurance cuts the cost of repair but reduces the investment on construction of pods; examining comets gives clear information about them but stops other endeavors. Moreover, while the development can be seen immediately after investment, he benefit of preparation for risk doesn’t become apparent until risk materializes.   During my first time playing the game, in retrospect, I focused too much on building new pods. Since the benefits are immediate, I wanted to build as many pods as possible with my money. I didn’t make use of the “Research” at all because I only clicked the comets and had a glimpse of their data. What I didn’t realize is the importance of having a more reliable information about potential risks. As for the measures I took for mitigate the damage, I only strengthened the protection by elevating the ground. The usefulness of insurance was neglected. In the second time my playing this game, I balanced two key relations: one between investment on construction of new pods and investment on preparation for risks and one between purchasing insurance and elevating the ground. I have learned from the first time of playing the game that development without taking risk management measures can not be sustainable since the damage can be severely destructive, and that the trade-offs between developments and preparation for risk are necessary for better future and decision makers should not be myopic.  In the game, however, one thing that is not reflected notably is the obstacles facing not only decision makers and the public. This is one element that can not be ignored when people consider the risk management in the place I live, China. As we know, corruption is a serious issue in China. For example, how money donated by different people to Sichuan after the earthquake was spent is not exposed to public supervision. The construction of infrastructure may be of ill quality. A lot of resources are wasted. Therefore, in the game, I would propose that we should add a choice of investment on “Education”. By investing education, the construction of future pods and the repair will cost fewer, which reflects the higher productivity achieved by better public awareness of supervision and public affairs.