7446238

I tried various configurations of balances between development, protection and insurance based on  research, severity and likelihood of impacts from meteors. It was easy for level one to three but became progressively more difficult moving up levels. I tried high levels of insurance, mid level of protection in order to keep production on schedule. In some cases it worked. Research was the weak point. A high degree of likelihood for impact could sometimes result on no impact at all. In essence, there was two sets of ratios to manage. One was the information on the meteors, the other was development on the planet. Other factors were the variable rates of speeds of the meteors related to speed of development at each level.  I would imagine a back ground in science and math would be of benefit in this game. I did determine that high cost of insurance and protection slowed production at higher levels. on top of that shocks and the severity of shocks were more frequent. The clock gave no mercy. development needed to happen at a rapid pace in order to generate capitol to protect and insure. On the positive side, I did manage to synchronize the variables in order to save the development from destruction many times. In essence, I was looking to set the safety parameters and progress with production with out a lot of recalibrating. But that did not work all the time. In some cases I fell into reacting to what turn out to be a poor plan from the start. In cases I won and lost.Defining risk and its severity of negative outcome under very narrow time constraints combines with calibrating the tools of development, protection and insurance was my biggest challenge. I guess that is the name of the game.If I were to change the game, I would increase the knowledge or research aspect of the meteors. Out of a value of ten most research never went beyond one or two. So it would appear to me, the weakness that that I had as leader, was 'knowing what was coming down the pipe.' Perhaps that is a luxury that does not happen in many cases with natural of financial shocks for example. So better planning at the protection and insurance phases are necessary. This would shift my focus now to having abetter understanding of calibrating insurance, protection and development all against time constraints.In my community, in 2013, we had the most expensive natural disaster in Canada's history. It was a once in 200 year flood. A freak, very heavy, two day down pour dropped it's load over our community catching weather forecasters by surprise. Which is interesting considering the high level of technology and knowledge of weather forecasting today. The other aspect that caught the city off guard was flood mitigation infrastructure. Drastically ill prepared. A lot of that has changed and is in the process of change. Massive efforts and investment are underway. But, if I could suggest one change to implement, that would be to challenge people's fascination and romance of living close to rivers that have histories of flooding for millennia. In centuries past, rivers were vital for transportation, food and life itself. So having close access was vital. Indigenous populations were migratory and could pack up and move at a moments notice when flooding was near. European settlers chose permanent structures. Now we still live next to these dynamic and powerful hydraulic systems called rivers and fail to build houses with insufficient flood mitigation technology. Year after year, decade after decade, home owners are always shocked that their properties are damaged by the latest flood. When choosing a home, it would appear that many people do not take topography, geology or geography into account and all of the natural components that interact with in these systems.