7458741



Question 1

The role of risk management in the Risk
Horizon game was to prepare the player in balancing risk, through taking
certain proactive measures in reducing the city’s (Alora) probability of loss,
as well as developing the city to prosper. The catch was the limited resources
(time and money) in order to achieve this balance and proceed for further
development. In terms of trade-offs, in the beginning, I had to forgo quickly
building all the houses in favour of investing in insurance and lifting the
island (protection). 

Protection was done quickly in the
beginning stages whereby the comets were infrequent, allowing more time to lift
the island to higher levels. Next was ensuring that the 75% insurance coverage
was bought, in case the comet hit and house repairs would cost a lot lesser. Research
was done after protection and insurance as well as whenever there was not
enough money to build houses. By the end of level 1, I only had three quarter
of level 1 homes built. Therefore, from my experience, through investing in
primarily insurance and protection, it would hinder the development for the
city’s development. However, the said hindrance is in the beginning stages and
necessary for future sustainability and growth. 

Question 2

I have played the game a total of 4 times.
In the beginning, I focused on building my homes and developing them quickly.
More time was spent on research and then, subsequently purchasing insurance and
protection. Then, I learnt from mistakes that even with a developed city, with
low protection and insurance, the money spent on repairs and more frequent
comet hits would hamper any further development. It was enough to pass level 1
of the game but not enough to pass level 2 and 3. So, I decided to change
tactic and invested in insurance and protection early in the game for the abovementioned
reasons. This tactic proved to be successful as I did not have to worry so much
on the comets (due to high level of protection) and majority insurance
coverage. Research and community network helped a lot too as I did not sustain
any damage on my fourth try. 

Question 3

A suggestion is to add on a ‘sickness’
aspect to the game. For example, from time to time, the house may get ‘sick’ as
illness is rather common in many parts of the world. To be able to cure the
sick, there must be at least one house that has reached level 3 (evolving into
a medic centre) and above to apply the action. If the action is not applied in
10 (x) seconds, then the illness will
spread to another house. Off course, money will be spent on curing the ill in
the process. The ‘medic centre house’ illustrates the state’s action take in
taking precautions in risk management decreasing the rate of illness and provides
medicine for the community. The frequency of the comet can be reduced to
balance out the player’s focus because natural disasters realistically happen
lesser than illness. 

