7459950

I-Risk management’s role and trade-offs:

Risk management in RiskHorizon aimed at balancing
allocation of resources between preparation to potential shocks  - protecting the Alora community against falling
comets that may hinder its development - and healthy development - by building
and upgrading pods. To
be cost-effective, a comparison of the cost of an upfront intervention to the
potential benefit should a shock occur, had to be weighed by the probability of
that shock occurring.

When preparation for risk was poor, the
consequences of a materialized risk were costing time that could be used for other
actions, and most importantly, allocation of assets that slowed down/decreased
development. Preparation (research, protection,
insurance) on the other hand was also costly, while the benefits were not
always certain: 

1) Improving
warning systems (the severity and chance of hit) through research, not only
helped estimating benefits versus costs, but also increased the potentiality of
building community connections that drastically reduced post-impact
consequences. Focusing on comet research was free but took time, which
sometimes could be used more effectively elsewhere.2) Protective tools
(elevating the island) cost resources, and the time spent protecting Alora
temporarily slowed down its development.

3) Moreover by obtaining
an insurance plan, damaged pods were quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Purchasing
a more or less covering/expensive insurance depended on the community’s budget,
its level of development, and the severity and chance of hit, which knowledge
of was linked to the time spent on research.

Finally, risk preparation in the
short-term negatively affected pods development, in the sense that fewer
resources were allocated to their growth. In the long run however, risk management appeared
cost-effective in many cases, and increased economic returns, by reducing the
risk and reparation costs altogether, leaving more resources available for investment in risk management and
development. 

 

II- Learnings and changes of action:

Playing more than once, several changes and
realizations struck me: 

After several
trials, I decided to develop Alora more progressively, adapting the pods’
update to their protection, as I realized this method was more cost-effective,
but also because the more were the pods updated, the more my resources
increased in a short period of time. 

Secondly I
dedicated more time to research by focusing on the comets, as I had realized
that it gave me extra time to increase community connections, which would decrease/eliminate
reparation costs in the event of an impact. 

Finally I
decided not to systematically purchase the most expensive insurance at every
round, balancing this decision with other tools available (research/protection),
and with the probability of the risk materializing. 

To wrap-up, I
have learned to prioritize and choose between key parameters affecting
cost-effectiveness,  as I became
increasingly aware of the necessity to provide a benchmark for the value of
averted damage to Alora.  

  

III- Development of a new game version
and risk management: 

Preemptive
measures in the game are adequate to Alora’s risks; however the symbolism of
the falling comets - if it were to happen where I live - would be a global
catastrophe, which is why I would find international cooperation to be of
upmost importance.

In
the game, this would translate into introducing several cities/communities that
one does not necessarily see, but that you can trade knowledge, research, and
economic data with. For example, Alora could sell its research to other cities
and vice versa against resources. This new tool would support the articulation
of potential benefits and costs for improved decision-making. 