7462079

The role of risk management was huge in the game. In fact, the game in all fairness is all about risk management. The game from the beginning to the end entailed all the components of risk management as explained during the lectures. The components of risk management include: Knowledge, Protection, Insurance and Coping. I made made a number of choices and some of them include creating a healthy environment by accumulating the pods (development), which shows on the balance scale (left lower side of the screen) and preparing for the threats/attacks which are represented by the comets in the game. In terms of knowledge, protection and insurance, certain trade-offs were made. For example, while I was creating a healthy environment, I had to trade-off certain amount of dollars (resources) in other to ensure that the impact of the threats/damages is reduced to the affordable minimum through insurance. At other times, I ensured that knowledge was sought through research so that the impact of the potential threats (comets) was known before they actually took place. In this way, certain measures are put in place to ensure adequate protection. Preparation for risk affected development immediately it was done. This is because while preparing for risk, there is a little delay in the time that was meant for development to take place through the upgrade of the pods. Moreover, the resources that were used in preparing for risk also had some effects on the general development because they could be otherwise used for development. However, in the long run, they rate of recovery i.e. coping that was experienced made the impact of the threats/hits lesser and therefore allowed for quick recovery.Whenever I play the game again, I would ensure that more provisions are made for risk management. This is because in the game I played earlier on, I focused more on upgrading the pods (development) without adequate preparation for risk management. Needless to say, I didn't really purchase enough insurance to cater for the losses that may result from the hits/threats. Most times during the game, this happened as a result of underestimation of those threats (risk) and tendency to keep the money that should have been spent in the form of insurance. My efforts on protection by pressing and holding the key on the right lower corner of the screen was also not encourage, I swung into action for protection too late. When next I play the game, I would ensure timely protection, adequate preparation for the risks by carrying out research on the impact of the threats at hand and then continually develop my environment. In short, I would ensure adequate balancing between Knowledge, Protection and Insurance. Once this is done, greater rewards are gotten. While potential attacks are totally prevented or their effects are largely mitigated when they eventually happen, rapid development takes place in the community and the resources are therefore wisely invested without more focus on certain areas of management compared to the others..It's a very great game. Though simple, yet very tasking and informative. Supposing I'm saddled with the responsibility of changing one or two things about the game, I would possibly add vibration to the sound and this will happen immediately the threats i.e comets hit the water to indicate attack. In this way, the fear of an attack will make the game more engaging as the player would be much more conscious of attacks. This way, the game becomes more realistic and therefore creates a considerable psychological effects. With this, this game becomes more exciting and real than it is. A great game!