7473064

Question 1:

The
role of the game was to showcase how preparation and development for risks
influence each other. Risk
management had a primarily preventive role in the game – researching comets,
elevating the ground, insuring potential damages.

 During
the game I noticed that I had a preference of the steps I could take to get
through the game: I
always started off by elevating the ground in order to diminish the effects of
a potential comet impact. After that was done I worked on the development of
the houses. Only
after that I went to research the comets. I
hardly used the insurance option, as insurance only helps with the aftermaths
of a catastrophe, but doesn’t help with preventing it.

Preparation
for risk (elevation, research and insurance) lead to having not enough time for
making sufficient progress on the development scale. The
preparations undertaken for risk prevention vanished after some time and had to
be invested in again – only development was stable and did not decrease again
once it was achieved.

 

Question 2: 

I
did play the game a couple of times but was never able to finish it. Most of
the times I did get until level 6, but failed only a few steps on the
development scale.

I
think I even know where I made the mistake, but was never able to make it
completely right: Because
especially during the last two levels it is highly important to not spend too
much money on preparations but invest most of the money into developing the
houses – as all (?) houses need to be fully developed to successfully finish
level 6. I
always wanted to be on the save side and kept the elevation of the ground high
(first pink block) – but the increased number of comets in the last levels
caused the plateau height to decrease constantly and I invested too much money
into keeping it high.

The
game is all about finding a good balance between undertaking preparations for
potential risks and developing the community.

 

Question 3:

When I
started playing the game I thought that the houses that were closest built to
the ocean would face a higher risk of damage by floods. Hence I always started
to build the houses on the right side of the plateau, furthest from the ocean.
But during the game I learned that that was an element that did not have any
influence on the game. 

So to make
the game more realistic, I would add the element of ‘proximity to water’ as an
essential element to the game as it is also very relevant to risk management in
real life. 