7473298

To develop Alora’s community in time, we need to balance between building/upgrading pods and preparing for falling comets. Risk management tools (e.g. Research, Protection, and Insurance) help our balanced and healthy development.I was able to clear this game twice out of ten. I would like to introduce my strategies, namely what I learned from this game.■: Be a Strategist — "First Research, then Insurance, then Protection.”We need to focus more on research than protection. Protection costs us many resources and stops pods’ development. Even if our protection is lower than the actual severity of a comet, careful preparation (= the time we have spent for research) brings us a chance for the mini game, making community connections. The more we make community connections, the more we can compensate for the lack of our protection temporarily. What comets are suitable for research? Comets with high chance of hit. Especially when such comets are falling slowly, we definitely should research them. But… pay attention to increasing resources. We need to build/upgrade our pods in parallel with research.The first two or three times, I tried to cope with the shocks of comets by Protection. But I failed to fill my development meter in time. So I changed this approach and I kept my protection minimum necessary.◇◇◇In the early stages of development, we can rebuild pods quickly. At the same time, however, our resources are scarce. Furthermore, while the amount of protection is basically small, even careful research is insufficient to cope with severe damage. In these stages, insurance works effectively. We have to buy insurance according to risk levels, for example, when a comet has high severity but low chance of hit, or when a falling comet with high risks is too fast and we have no time to research. (No matter how short, however, I recommend you to spend your time on research.) Insurance mitigates the resource and time burden of flood damage. And it also supports our risk-taking development.I was able to clear the game easily up to Level 6 in this way. But I failed at the final level so many times. That was mostly because the lack of protection. So I partially changed my “researchism”, overemphasis on research, and I tried to increase the amount of extra protection when I was “free”. For example, an occasion when every rolling comet had low risks, or when I reached development goal in time and I still had 10 or 20 seconds left. These stocks of protection affected development after some time.◇◇◇As the community grows, filling the development meter gets difficult; pods need more time and resources to upgrade and recover. In the final stages, we must avoid every flood damage. Any levels of damage can lead to the failure of development and even the most expensive insurance plan can be a waste. In these stages, the stocks of protection enables us to focus on research while pods are upgrading.---------- Proposal ----------
I would like to add man-made disasters to this game. So I propose that we increase the kind of pod (e.g. factories, electric power plants, etc.). Before we build some kind of industrial building, we need to survey Alora’s ground. For example, coastal or earthquake-prone areas are unsuitable for nuclear power plants. We also should pay attention to the living environment of Alora’s community. Residential areas need to be protect ed from environmental pollution. Besides those man-made disasters, I would like to increase protection measures. For example, seawalls/dykes protect buildings from floods.