7479098



MY GAME REFLECTION


I can say that the main role of risk management for this game of Alora world was
the identification, analysis,
assessment,
control,
and avoidance,
minimization, or elimination of unacceptable risks
. Through this game I discovered how and why risk management is important for
the development of society or country. I learned by research, protection and
insurance how  to develop alora community to the best of my ability while
meeting milestones to comets threaten. but despite obstacles, I tried to fill
my development bqr by building and upgrading pods. and this procedure helped me
to learn and undestand how to coordinate economical qpplication of resources to
minimize, monitor and controle the probability and impact of unfornate natural
disasters.
In terms of knowledge, I reduced the chance of the comet hitting until the impact
and I received more time of information to create community connections right
before the comet hits: this method helped a lot to boost the protection. And in
terms of protection; I pressed and hold  the slider, located on the bottom
right of the screen, into the upright position to raise the Alora Island.
Through this, I prevented the pods from being damaged by matching the level of
protection, indicated by the meter to the right of the slider.
finally; in terms of the power of insurance; I prepared for high severity comet
by buying a plan. I mean, by obtaining insurance, pods damaged from waves of
comets were quicker and cheapper rebuilt. this helped me to recover lost
development.
So, for the most part, these methods consisted of identifying; characterizing
threats of Alora community, assessing the vulnerability of critial assets to
specific threats, identifying ways to reduce those risk and prioritizing risk
reduction measures based on a strategy. 
And my choice was to build and upgrade more pods so that I might fill faster
and increase the amount of wealth. this helped me to continue keeping the meter
green by trying to reach my goal of passing another level.
Concerning the trade-offs I confronted, I can say that it was not easy to beat
the level in the sense of reaching the indicated on this development meter
because of the time and also I did not know how to reach the goal in time. 

Therefore, from
this game I learned following two elements:

1.      After establishing the context, the
next step in the process of managing risk is to identify potential risks. Risks
are about events that, when triggered, cause problems or benefits. Hence, risk
identification can start with the source of our problems and those of our
competitors (benefit), or with the problem itself. Once risks have been
identified, they must then be assessed as to their potential severity of impact
and to the probability of occurrence. These quantities can be either simple to
measure, in the case of the value of a lost building, or impossible to know for
sure in the case of the probability of an unlikely event occurring. 

2.      
Risk management regarding natural disasters : It
is important to assess risk in regard to natural disasters like floods caused
by comet like in Alora community, and so on. Outcomes of natural disaster risk
assessment are valuable when considering future repair costs, 
But if they asket me to develop  a new
version of this game, I will increase more money of insurance and to introduce
people in building and upgrading pods. I will try to reduce level.

In summary, I can say that this game helped me a lot to
understand in practice the risk management.

