7496391

The role of Risk
Management in the game was to safeguard my community from outside shocks, ie, comets
hitting my building and pods in Alora. At first, I did not purchase insurance
and only built a couple of buildings. I was uplifting my community a lot to
prevent it from being damaged by comets. However, in the development bar, when
the deadline was nearing, my community was severely hit a massive comet
destroying 50% of the community. I could repair the pods but not meet the green
development bar. 

One way to counter
damages was to use insurance. Whilst insurance cannot eliminate the risk of
shocks, it helps to cushion the blow from adverse shocks. Insurance is the
equitable transfer of the risk of a loss, from one entity to another in
exchange for payment. Insurance serves as a means to transfer risk to the
insurer to pay out compensation for specified loss, damage, illness, or death
in return for payment of a specified premium. 

It was also insightful
to check the intensity of the comets. Being knowledgeable about the comets
allowed me to uplift the community, thereby reducing the impact on the
community. It also allowed me to be better prepared and thus averted losses.  Additionally, purchasing insurance was vital
to survive.  

 

Managing risk effectively
entails forecasting how to act with as much complete information as timely as
possible. This procedure entails to re-evaluate it each time a significant risk
materialized that wasn’t not foreseen. It also entails avoiding the mistakes
made previously. Risk Management’s processes have to provide a reasonable level
of assurance that risks are identified on a timely basis, fairly assessed, and
appropriate actions taken to remedy the situation. 

Furthermore, being
more knowledgeable about the risk exposure would help to better understand the
nature and likelihood of risks we may face. Knowing about the risk we are
exposed to would help us to assess those risks and how to avoid them if
possible or else, how to act. 

 

Three things learnt from
the game are:

1. Buy insurance such
that when a comet hits the community, insurance helps to replenish the
development bar.

2. Hit the uplift
button just enough to raise the community accordingly with the intensity of the
comet.

3. Research on the
comet intensity and its likelihood to hit the community.

 

One suggestion to add in the game would be to
provide for the ability to shift your pods to another area of Alora that would
be less impacted by a comet, if you had already reached the green development bar;
thereby securing part of your community from a comet.

 



 

