7503190

Understanding RM through the game was really a new experience for me. Although I understood the components of the RM, implementing them was quite hard for me. I have tried the game several times till I managed passing level one and then moving to level five. During the game , I faced some of the obstacles such as lack of resources, time and knowledge. At first I started by spending too much time protecting the village through raising it up which did not give me time to research or have money to build and develop. Then I tried concentrating on developing first and researching which still did not give me the chance to protect and prevent damages. Having too many comets attacking as well did not give me enough time to protect my village. Through my trials of the game, I learnt that even by gaining knowledge I still could not prevent the hitting of the comets , but I can lessen the damage or prevent it by buying the highest insurance rate. So, the first thing I did in the other trials was starting with the insurance package to be on the safe side. By this , coping with the shock was easier and less damage happened and sometimes none. At times, I had to make trade-offs by sometimes choosing not to spend too much time on protecting and rather spend it on researching. This helped me with money that gave me chance to build and develop more,but did not give me too much time as comets were increasing on numbers. At my last successful trial I understood better how to balance between my choices. So, I started by the insurance,then building two pods and increasing two levels of the island, then immediately researching to help lessen the damage which actually helped. Then again in building other new ones and continuing with other one level of raising and my researching after that. So, by balancing between each component I managed to succeed and reach level 5. I was very happy with the different choices I made and how better to balance through my choices for improvements.Regarding how to upgrade the game, I would like to present some suggestions. First, I have seen that through clicking on the research button, the comet window should keep opened and so nothing else could be done till the research be done. As in reality , one person won't be doing everything at the same time and so I suggest by just clicking on the comet, the researching will be done automatically without having keeping the window ,to give time to do other things as well. Second, to offer as an extra privilege protective shields to be built on the buildings as a means of protection in case of comets that could not be prevented but at the same time keep the buildings safe and better coping with the attack. Lastly,having other means of resources to get money from to help in the developing. In conclusion, the game was a challenge for me. It gave me an insight regarding the risk opportunities I needed to take. The more I spent time in my developing beside my research, it helped me more to protect my assets.It also taught me that not everything shock in our community could be prevented but by learning to how to cope and where to invest more helped in passing through the shock. And so by balancing between the components of knowledge,coping,insurance and protection was I was able to keep my community safe and so do better choices for the future.    