7514524

1) Risk management is the identification, assessment, and prioritization of risks (defined in ISO 31000 as the effect of uncertainty on objectives) followed by coordinated and economical application of resources to minimize, monitor, and control the probability and/or impact of unfortunate events or to maximize the realization of opportunities. Risks can come from uncertainty in financial markets, threats from project failures (at any phase in design, development, production, or sustainment life-cycles), legal liabilities, credit risk, accidents, natural causes and disasters as well as deliberate attack from an adversary, or events of uncertain or unpredictable root -causeThe strategies to manage threats (uncertainties with negative consequences) typically include transferring the threat to another party, avoiding the threat, reducing the negative effect or probability of the threat, or even accepting some or all of the potential or actual consequences of a particular threat, and the opposites for opportunities (uncertain future states with benefits).The task was to develop community to the best of the ability while meeting certain milestones along the way. These milestones were indicated by lines marked on the development bar. We were to fill your development bar by building and upgrading pods. Each pod was to help increase your rate of development.Alora falls victim to falling comets( shocks). These comets careen into the water and cause waves that hinder development. Idea was to balance between growing community and preparing for these potential shocks by balancing Research, Protection, and Insurance. And each action costs precious resources!The power of the Research is to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. By clicking on a comet and keeping it's box focused on screen, one could accumulate research. With each filled in notch, one can receive more time to create community connections right before the comet hits, helping to boost the protection. The long term protection is against the waves. One can press and hold the slider, located on the bottom right of the screen, into the upright position to raise the island. By matching the level of protection, indicated by the meter to the right of the slider, with the severity of the comet, we can prevent the pods from being damaged! But the more one lifts, the more this power costs. By obtaining insurance, the pods damaged from flooding are quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost development time after pods are repaired.By using these three powers of Research, Protection and Insurance in concert with development, we can create a healthy community and create a Luminator legacy! The only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance and to keep eyes on the horizon.2 )  I played the game more than once and every time I played it I got more hang of the game and also could garner sufficient information on how to effectively and efficiently balance  the power of research, protection and insurance for optimum development of the community. The balancing act has to be optimally done to ensure proper development in the minimum insurance and with the best research  to have best possible protection.3)  I live in Mumbai and the most important change I would like to see is the implementation of the knowledge or information available.There is no dearth of educated workforce or the availability of Risk management knowledge .There is lack of will to implement and this might be due to lack of resources or corruption or the feeling that the disaster wont hit us twice . Hence I would like to add the mandatory insurance and knowledge of risk management apart from implementation of the same in given time frame in the game.