7516308

I enjoyed the Risk Horison game very much. The game shows some important aspects of risk management. During the game I had to be careful and balance risk preparation and healthy development. I played the game about five times. When I played "Risk Horison" the first time, I focused my attention mainly on protection, so that I had no money left for growing my community and unfortunately I failed the first level. In the second attempt I tried to develop the community by all means, but finally I had too little money for protection and when the commet hit, my pods were severely damaged. As a result, I had to spend a lot of money for repairing them, because of the lack of insurance. Therefore, I couldn't develop the community and I lost the level 2. In the further attempts I tried to develop and protect my community simultaneusly. I drew more attention to research, so that I received more time to build community connections right before the commet hit. I also purchased insurance in order to pay less for damages. Finally, I reached the fifth level. I learnt from the game that risk manager cannot focus only on protection or only on development, because this is a combination of them that leads us to success. I learnt that buying insurance is beneficial, because it is not too expensive in comparison with the assistance after the damage. After playing the game I know that it is important to devote time for research to recognise the danger and make better preparations. The Risk Horison game shows that peparation for risk doesn't affect development immediately. In some levels I didn't use insurance which I had bought. Sometimes preparation was not necessary. However, after some time in the critical situations - severe hits- if I hadn't provide preparation and insurance, I would have lost the game.To my mind, the game is well-prepared and captures many aspects of risk management. However, of course real life is much more complicated than the game. We have many kinds of risks, some of them are frequent, but some happen rarely and are extremely severe, like deadly earthquakes which appear, for instance, once a decade. Therefore, I would add an extra danger, apart from falling commets, to the higher levels 4-6. Our pods could also behave like humans and make their own decisions, but it could be difficult to implement in our game.To sum up, the Risk Horison game is an excellent way to present the problem of risk management in a very simple way.