7518245

Every community is faced with threats and risks that may endanger the whole society. In some cases, the main problems are natural disasters, in other cases those are social disorders, fertility rates, economic collapses etc. In our game, where the main story is happening on the Alora planet, the main threat to the community are falling comets which can affect this community in many aspects, for example by causing floods. Thus, the role of risk management in this game is to struggle with those threats by making the adequate balance between available resources - research, protection and insurance.  If the right choices are made, the community becomes safer and lasts longer.At the beginning of the game, I put the main emphasis on the use of insurance. Therefore, most of my actions were pursuing insurance and relying on it. I thought that the most efficient way to protect the Alora was reduction of material costs of reparation after damage, without any serious engagement in protection and research. Unfortunately that was wrong. The only result of using resources in this manner was inability to compensate the damage after the accumulated shocks. Then I have changed my strategy and started to pay more attention to research and protection, with really low use of insurance. After that, the things have started to change. I researched a lot, and as a result of that I reduced severity and possibility of shocks. This means that we have to be familiar with characteristics of our environment and also with specifics of the threats our community is faced with. After a while, it was obvious that the most important aspect to focus on was protection. The protection is the main objective and all our efforts should be put towards reaching it. After I had raised protection bar to the highest level in combination with knowledge gained from researching, I just had to maintain the existing condition and to keep on upgrading pods. Thereby every effort to build strong protection was very valuable.By playing this game, I have learned that if you are not well prepared and if you don’t protect your objects adequately, you will probably lose a lot . Because, no matter how much money or insurance for repairing you have, if you let things be destroyed and just wait and hope that damage will not be devastating, you won’t be able to live any legacy behind you. We should not wait for things to happen. We have to be well informed about our environment - natural and social, and be prepared to meet their necessities and to try to develop and improve technologies for safer facing with the future. It is important to explore as many comets as possible and in this game I did not have enough time for all comets I wanted to explore. Thus, If I had the chance to add something to the game, it would probably be a possibility to research at least two comets at the same time. I think that would improve researching conditions and provide better results.