7537595

It is harder to fix a broken glass once it
has shattered into thousands of pieces than it is to protect that glass from breaking
in the first place. Through the eyes of risk management and the World
Development Report we understand risk
defined as the “possibility of loss”. In terms of the Risk Horizon game, we
equate that “loss” to the systemic environmental threat of falling comets onto
the planet of Alora. When faced with the choice between knowledge, protection
and insurance we find that through the role of risk management everything comes
at price. In order to be efficient with these resources you must consider the
cost-benefit analysis of each one. 

 After
the first few times playing the game, I found that insurance was a misallocated
use of capital, at least in the beginning levels. I made a trade-off between
increasing protection and decreasing insurance. I learned that it was far more
cost effective to minimize the probability of getting hit versus having to make
repairs on the pods. The only way to decrease the probability of getting hit is
by increasing your protection. Insurance does not decrease that likelihood. I did
not learn this immediately, but as I continued to play it became clearer.

When a comet does make contact and damage
ensues, I had to spend more time and capital repairing those damages, when I
could have spent that time acquiring knowledge about the comets and upgrading
my pods. It was also much more difficult to bring my development bar back into
the green when pods were hit.  With the
increase capital allocated towards protection, when a comet hits Alora, the
severity of the hit was minimal and more times than not caused zero damage,
thus offsetting the cost of insurance.While
the game reflects a simplified version of risk management, there are dynamic
factors that could be added to make Risk Horizon more realistic. We know that
risk management is not achieved by one just one person, but that there are many
players involved both in the private sector and governmental level. As is, the
game conveys more of a dictatorship rather than a democracy. Under a new
version of the game you are required to participate in a collective action, at
the social level, through a political process. A judicial procedure where
people have the opportunity to cast votes on which of the 3 actions to take
(increase protection, knowledge or insurance) and you would be forced to either
side with the opinions of the people or pursue your own strategy. Alternatively,
corruption is an omnipresent issue especially in undeveloped nations. What if you
had the option to hire different companies for each job. For example, when
building the pods we are given a list of three different contractors, each with
their own ranking based off performance, cost to build, trustworthiness, code
compliance, etc. Some would be more costly to build than others; others would
not meet expectations, but you would learn from each and build you community
based off your findings. 