7538199

1.To my understanding the role of the game was to make us understand and practically see how the three tools of Risk Management (Knowledge, Protection and Insurance) will work or can work together in development or be implemented together in a development for the betterment of the country and its people. Knowledge of the policies of the country and knowing the risk and opportunities of the development you want to implement. Protection whereby you will also consider the landscape, its advantages and disadvantages e.g.. like when you want to build a school its better to know slope of the landscape, how the building will be, the type of the material you are going to use and can the building withstand the risk of floods and other drastic Natural Disasters or other risk like fire. Insurance the game thought me the importance of having an insurance, it shows that having an insurance can reduce fears of loss and it also helped me to overcome financial stresses, if anything happened to my development it will be easy for me to fix meaning insurance reduces the shock.The choices I made was Insuring and Protecting my development by buying the insurance and by lifting the protection pad on the game to protect my development from getting damaged . Thus simply means that the trades offs for my development in the game were for Protection and Insurance. Preparations for risk affected development after sometime because development was protected and insured2. I would read the instructions very well and I would check the game where did I go wrong the first time and what must I improve in order to win the game. After I played the game for the first time I manage to purchased the insurance and I saw that when I lift the protection pad on the game the risk of damaging the development was reduced and the filter was changing colours from red to orange to green and I also manage to build with the money I got from the insurance this assisted me in winning the first level. I learned that having insurance is important and I learned that protection required more funds.3. I will provide understandable instructions and provide examples if necessary for my students to understand the game since our level of understanding is not equal. And for the place that I am living in I will add RESILIANCE as part of the game whereby Private and Public sectors, Government, Ngo's and Community will be involve in Risk Management and Opportunity everyone must be involve because Risk Management can be a Powerful Instrument for Development   