754856

What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The trade-offs included time – it took time to research the comets and the time could be used to build or repair pods. Therefore I tended to spend little time researching the comets – I sacrificed knowledge. I bought the insurance level I was able to and typically ignored the comets. The insurance meant that it was pretty cheap to repair the pods which benefitted development. I wasn’t able to make the protection scheme work but if I had I think it also would have involved a trade-off of time. 

If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?

In round two I only bought the cheapest level of insurance and, at the end of the round, lost because a comet hit and I didn’t have enough time to recover. If I were to play the game again I would wait a little bit longer to accumulate enough money to buy the medium level of insurance. 

I didn’t learn anything from the game but I believe it was intended to show that repairs and improvements are both cheaper than building from scratch and that insurance is a wise investment because in the end it reduces overall costs. I believe it was also intended to show that investment leads to faster development even though it initially appears as just a cost. 

The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

The Oregon Trail is a very old game that is also about risk management. In it, a family leaves the east coast of the United States in a covered wagon. The family must purchase a mix of supplies. The mix chosen is obviously based on the risks the player believes will be encountered. The player has to choose between really basic items like food, ammunition, a spare wheel, and medicine. The risks range from running out of food, getting bit by a snake, being attacked, and having an accident that damages the wagon. Real life similarly has multiple risks and not every one of them can be prepared for equally and the element of chance means no player has perfect or even adequate information for predicting. 

If I were to add one element to the Risk Management game it would be to add lives. This would greatly complicate an otherwise dollar and cents equation.