7548998

According to my own development during the game I can
say that it is a game who makes us wonder , what to do if an event of this
magnitude might occur, how can we  be prepare
for such kind of disasters? 

Taking it to reality and to life, the game has in a certain
way the solution to many problems about disasters and events out of our reach.
Therefore we need to be prepare knowing (by studying and analyzing every single
event), protecting us as a community, forming links of security and friendship,
bonds where we can trust and be trusted by our neighbors and fellow citizens in
first place, afterwards by our state and then our country, in this way we can
work together and achieve everything we decide to go for, especially if it is a
common goal of progress and development or the need to help in a crisis or disaster.


Of course we need to be protected by the standards
that we as community have decided to do so, laws and obligations previously
arranged to gain the goal planned. 

Insurance is a key to be used it when it´s needed and
it gives us some calm, which lead us to take decisions with a cold head.  

During the game I had to decide whether develop pods
or protect them from the comets. It was kind of difficult keep with the
construction and the protection of the pods specially when I didn´t have the
economical resource to do so, so I had to mixed the money I was getting for
doing so. Also, time was a handicap to achieve the construction and the protection
of the pods. I wish I could had have the opportunity to create my own money or
to decide how much I could use, not just waited to get it without my own
control, I think this situation was the one who most affected my achievement. It
teaches me that we have to obtain a fountain of resources that we can manage. 

I played it more than twice and of course I was
playing it different each time. Though the result was different I had a big
progress the first 2 times and after these 2 chances,  I had less progress instead of getting more
levels completed. It was some kind of frustration who led me to do so. Anyhow,
I´ve learned that we need to be prepared to any kind of unexpected event, good communication,
knowledge of the possible situation we would have to cope, and of course,
economical reserves for every case. 

The only thing I would (not change, but to add) do to the game,  it´s to have a way to control my economical reserves, and not wait until the
money gets in the marker. That would be all. 

Good game. Made wonder and taught me 3 things, be
ready, knowledge, and save. 