7552972

Before I write about the three questions I have to say this: Frustration is my word for
that game. It’s boring, complicated, not user-friendly and annoying. I played
several times and I couldn´t pass from level 2. I was giving up. I was tired; I
felt that the game was impossible to play. In one occasion, in the first level, three comets fell down at the same time! It was ridiculous.

Then, when I was about
to give up, I went to the forum and I discovered that many people had the same
problems that I was having with the game. And I found one comment that opened a
door for me: CHANGE THE NAVIGATOR!!!. Don’t use Chrome it’s easier to play it in
Mozilla. At first, I didn’t believe it. Then I played it in Mozilla, and at
first shot I reached the level 3. I kept playing in Mozilla and I reached the
level 4. 

By using Mozilla you
can have: more time between comets; faster pods’ building; faster rebuilding
after a hit, the island rises faster (yes, the right button has a function!).
Believe, in my case, the only thing that I had to do to earn my 10 points in
the Game Achievement, was playing the game in Mozilla. (I know that I sound like a salesman but it's the true)

Regarding to the questions:1.
It is important to follow the comets; by follow them you can reduce the damage
that they cause. At first I did believe that if you build far from
the water you could reduce the impact. I was wrong. Then, I tried to build all
the pods in the first level, and before a comet hit, I bought the most
expensive insurance to minimize the losses. By buying the insurance, the
rebuilding costs were cheaper and that helped me to go through levels.  2. Honestly, the only thing that I did different after my first game was
changing the navigators. I played in Chrome at first, and it was impossible (as
I wrote before), then I played in Mozilla. The only additional thing that I did
when I played in Mozilla was raising the island (The right button). After the
level 1, I spent almost my entire money raising the island. That helped me a
lot. In that particular game, when I was able to raise the island (level 5 in
the bar indicator at the right side) and buying the most expensive insurance in
each level I managed to reach level 4.I am sorry to say this, but, that game didn’t teach me anything about
Risk Management.





3. I think that it’s important to explain better the purpose of the
different buttons of the game: The whole idea is good, you need to know the
threats of the place that you live in, the different ways to fight against the
threat and the cost – benefit effect of having an insurance, however due the
poor conception of the game, it was very hard to apply the concepts while you
were playing.