7558550

The risk horizon game was an interesting experience in trying to balance development and taking cautionary measures to protect these developments. The game illustrated the value of preparedness and insurance coverage but also the complete randomness of natural disasters and severity of their effects.The game illustrated the role of risk management by allowing players to purchase insurance and/or raise their buildings to higher ground in order to limit the damage from comets hitting the planet. Purchasing insurance and raising the land cost money and thus diverted resources away from building pods, which were meant to represent "development" and produced an income. Also, because the protection method (ground raising) required players to click and hold a button, this prevented further actions such as building new pods or upgrading existing ones. The benefits of insurance and protection was that the damage from comet impacts was reduced and repair costs after the impact were lower with insurance than without. The drawback was that investing in protection depleted the development bar that indicated the level of development needed to progress to the next stage.Thus, the reduction in damage and lower rebuilding costs acted in a similar way to the payments made to Bangladeshi farmers to cover the cost of their bus tickets to the capital to look for work in the off-season; although in this case the same person is making the investment and reaping the benefits, it allowed for the possibility of a large payoff in the form of reduced (or no) damage to the pods and thus more money later on to upgrade or build new ones.After a few initial attempts where I failed to progress beyond Level 1, I "got the hang of" the game and started to make progress to the second and third level. After initially investing too much in insurance and protection, I altered the balance of new development and insurance so that development goals would be reached. However, at higher levels, even having Level 3 insurance policies and several bars on the protection meter did not prevent some extensive damage from comet hits, even those of moderate "severity". A comet hit, especially with a few seconds left on the clock, made it very difficult to recover and rebuild to move on to the next stage.While the game does a good job of highlighting the unpredictability and severity of natural disasters, it does not adequately reward players who are well prepared. It seems to make more sense in many situations to just focus on building so as to exceed the threshold development level by a sufficient amount to cover for last minute disasters, rather than depleting resources by investing them in insurance. I would tweak the game to reduce the depletion of money and development points for investing in insurance. This would allow players to reach and exceed development targets by a large margin and prevent a late disaster from wiping out their investment, rewarding those who managed risk better, while punishing players who simply build their way to the next stage without taking any protective measures.