7560029

Risk Horizon ReflectionsPossibly the most important point: Ongoing investments are necessary to achieve the production volume to the next level. At first I was not successful because I have not invested and risked enough. I bought too much insurance and protection.Protection was important, but had to be balanced against investments. It was just as much protection necessary as required to protect against damage (which is an unknown = risk).Community connections were very helpful in case of damage. Damage then amounted usually to 0%, i.e. there was no insurance necessary. Costs could be reduced.My strategy has led me to Level 5. I suspect that there is still too much money which been invested in security. Level 6 can only be achieved if the optimal balance between investment and security is found.From probably helpful Research I have made little use. Research could be useful to assess risks better. This could lead to less protection to be purchased as uncertainty is reduced and a better picture of the risk landscape is given. Lower costs for protection leads (analogous to not purchased insurance) to more investment in production, perhaps paving the way from level 5 to level 6.Lessons learnedIt seems important that companies always have to take risks. If you do not want to take any risks, projects cannot perform. It seems difficult to identify the risk, which is so large that it can harm the company sustainably, not just a temporary reduction in production means (monopolist may have it easier than other companies).Perceived chances are, after an adequate risk analysis, risks taken under an awareness given, to get the possibility in the future for greater chances, i.e. entering with an attractive appearing likelihood into greater opportunities.What change to propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live?Where I live, there are fortunately no earthquakes, no floods, and no asteroids. The risk management would, for example, include the supply chain. It would definitely be important to ensure the supply for the own company with raw materials or other good to be supplied. So the game would, for example, provide an overview of stocks or one should take care to ensure that material arrives on time, i.e. when it should be processed, to keep costs low. This could save money for investments.