7568976

The role of risk management is in essence in the actions that the player has to balance between the investment in the development of the civilisation (pod construction and upgrades) and the protection against external threats (meteor hits). The game reflected the aspects of risk management quite well, by introducing the possibility to “research” the meteors in the horizon (the Knowledge element), Insure against strikes (the Insurance element), protect the structures against the severity of the meteor strikes (the Protection element), and finally, if the meteor strike (the Shock) was to happen, it was possible to rebuild the damaged pods (the Coping element).In my case, preparation for risk affected the development severely at first. In my first try I opted to build only a couple of pods, bought the simplest insurance cover available and retained most of the capital. I soon found that this was not sustainable nor was it taking my civilisation further. It was not allowing for the development of more pods, the insurance cover was not cushioning the repair costs and the biggest price of the strikes was being covered by my monetary funds. At first try I didn’t succeed in progressing further. When I tried a second and third time, I opted for a more risk taking approach. I bought the most comprehensive insurance cover, which gave me the confidence to invest more in building and upgrade more pods. It also allowed me to spend more time monitoring and researching the horizon for meteors.As explained in the previous paragraph, I have played the game 3 times and tried to use different risk strategies every time. The outcomes were surprisingly different from each other and that made me realise that the actions take to risk manage a particular situation can really make a difference to obtain a successful outcome, even if that conclusion only becomes clear after the game has ended.If I was to change or add anything to the game I would extend the time period of each level. I felt that at times time was very much against me and pressing me to take 2 or 3 actions at a time. I would also introduce at later stages of the game some type of technology (laser beams for instance) that could tackle the meteor issue even before there was a risk of strike, as a mitigation action.