7577828

1,-  What was the role of risk management in the game? Answer : Risk management is the topic , the core , the skill , the purpose of this game . In other words , this game is to train risk management .- What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? Answer : In the game , you must obviously make many choices continually , including : how much money i spend on insurance , how long i observe the risk , what level i upgrade my objects , the sum of money i save to " raise my land" ( protection) , how much i care about this risk , so on ...I experienced many trade-offs during the game , because i ( we) often have not enough resource to gain everything at the same time , so i ( we) must have trade-offs to weigh up pros and cons for each particular terms . On trade offs for using money , i often prefer insurance rather than protection, it save me more money to develop . On tradeoffs for time , i prefer spend time on researching to be safer , so on2, - If you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game? Answer : Practice makes perfect ^^ At the first time , i can't overcome 1st level . Through playing times , i invest better on particular fields , . Substantially , what i learnt is : +, Keep development , then raise protection+. the higher level you get , the more money you should pay for insurance .+, Risk is sometimes unavoidable , so you need train your effective coping+, the more you research , the safer you are.3, -  Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? Answer : I think we should implement 1 thing to better present the risk management that matter in my place :+, The effect of this outcomes to following risk damages : The better outcome we make this time , the less damage we face next time . Actually , the risk of second time should be more risky than the first one , but we can reduce it a little to encourage risk management in advanced . That is true for the river dam in my homeland , we repair it well this year , and you get less flood next year . That is my point of viewThank for reading and eveluatingThankyou.