7585364

This game, Risk Horizons, was an interesting and accessible
way of understanding how to prepare and mitigate potential risks to the
development of the city.  Initially I
focused on building as many communes rather than upgrading them, before
changing my strategy to building only a few communes and focus on upgrading
them.  I also experimented with spending
more time either on researching the comet versus increasing the level of
protection.  However, in the end I realized
having an adequate balance between developing land for communes and upgrading
them, as well as knowing when to prioritize research over protection or
vice-versa, worked best.  It was evident
that by preparing appropriately to the risks of the comets, the development
prospects of the city increased whilst any negative effects were minimized, and
occasionally became negligible. It was also evident that inadequate preparation to the risks faced were detrimental and counter-productive to the future development prospects of the city; if a city is to develop, there must be extensive risk mitigation and preparation strategies and mechanisms in place.

I ended up playing the game multiple times in order to reach
the highest level possible, and to determine what the best combination of risk strategies and trade-offs were.  After the
first time I changed and experimented with different approaches, by focusing on
one particular aspect (e.g. spending more time on research, or upgrading rather
than building more communes).  I also
started buying the highest amount of insurance, and found that this investment
at the beginning of each round would pay for itself over time as the costs of
repairs were significantly reduced.  As a
result, I realized how important having insurance is to reduce the cost of
fixing damages.  I also learnt how any
amount of development, protection or research will help greatly in mitigating risks
and ensuring that the negative effects of any damages are limited as much as
possible.  The game also demonstrated
how, no matter how small the risk is, you should always take adequate
preparation measures, particularly through research and protection, just in
case.  Lastly, the game also showed me
how prioritizing certain activities can sometimes work out well, but I found it
more beneficial to ensure that various risk mitigation activities were given
more equal amounts of attention. 

The game is a gateway to obtain a superficial understanding
of certain aspects of risk management.  However,
one simple addition I would make would be to introduce other potential
disasters affecting the city.  This game
only had comets as the main cause of disasters, yet in reality many countries
face a smorgasbord of different threats such as floods, typhoons, earthquakes, internal conflicts, amongst others. Sometimes these events come out of nowhere and the
amount of preparation time is short; unless adequate protection, research, and
insurance mechanisms are already in place, it may be difficult to minimize the
potential negative effects.  As such, in
the game I would introduce additional risks (including the ones listed above), with a certain
time limit to ensure you are adequately prepared.  This would introduce additional threats to
the city, which may require different preparation strategies, as well as
reflect how some threats may appear out of nowhere, or with very limited time
to prepare.  It would also highlight how, after one or two events like this, how important it would be to have adequate preparation and mitigation mechanisms in case in the event of future catastrophes, no matter how immediate the threat is (if known).