7585402

The Risk Horizon game provided a good opportunity for
students of the MOOC Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development to
demonstrate their understanding of how knowledge, protection, and insurance are
tools to handle risk and opportunity.

Knowledge of
possible shocks, the likelihood of them occurring, and the expected impact of
these shocks helped in the game to know what measures to take to cope with the
shock. In real life this type of knowledge is essential in just about every
situation of life. Countries, states, cities, households, and businesses must
know what risks they face and the likelihood of them occurring before they can
prepare to cope with them.

Again, in the game we had the opportunity to implement protection against the known shocks and
the expected severity of those shocks. In real life as well, once we know what
risks we face we can implement protection. In the game the protection was to
raise the island from the waves caused by a comet crashing into the ocean. In
real life the protection we implement will be as varied as the risks we face
and the organization we are protecting. For a family it may be protection from
unemployment by using continuing education to improve skills and employability.
For company it may be necessary to protect their computer network from hackers
and viruses. Also like the game, in real life the cost of implanting the protection
could be prohibitive to implanting the needed protection.

Insurance
provides us the ability to transfer resources from good times to bad or in
other words, in between shocks we should take some of our resources and save
them to help us cope with the next shock. One of the best ways to do this is to
purchase insurance such as life insurance, health insurance, property
insurance, or flood insurance. Utilizing commercial insurance companies allows
us to leverage our resources because a large group inputs into the reserve
while only a small group at a time need to use some of the resources to cope
with a shock. Obviously if more is going out than coming in this will insurance
principle will fail. Besides commercial insurance we as individuals can save
during good times to be better prepared for potential shocks in the future such
as unemployment, injury, or retirement.

The game also illustrated how important it is for
communities to develop connections
to help each other cope with shock. This has been seen internationally in cases
like the earthquake in Haiti when many countries rushed to aid in the recovery.
Like most of the other principles discussed here these connections are
important for families as well as other organizations to help each other cope
when the others are impacted by a shock.