7596562

The role of the game was to make balance with spending resource and developing pods, which are similar to our village or city. When I focused on protection too much, the development was failed, on the contrary, too fast development made to fail to protect from the damage from comet's hit. Insurance was the last thing I relied on, because it is not for preventing from the disaster but for recovering. However, although I bought the insurance, the insurance didn't make me satisfied. I needed more time to get recovered not the small money. At lower levels, to make highter protection was helpful for development but it wasn't effective at higher levels because protection was easily dropped at higher levels and it made slow to develop the pods. All of cases, to develop research was the most helpful with 40 or 60% of protection. I became more skillful than the first try, but I failed to win the 6th level. It does not depend only on skill but the balance, and additionally, a bit of luck which comets' attacks were not severe. Therefore, while playing low levels from 1 to 3, I became to have more free time to make countermeasure the risks, but at high levels, I couldn't manage to handle the attacks of groups of comets. Even though how much I developed the pods or protected, at high level such as 4 or 5 level, every try was failed. The only thing I could manage was to last more than the first try with developing my skills . I became to get accustomed to this game and understand more about this game's rule. I tried this game with my 11-year-old son after all, he was better than me but he faced to same problem with me; to handle group's attacks of comets. Whatever we tried to get over the problem, neither of us made successful. Although we got some ideas why the growing bar turned red suddenly from green in the QA after some tries, we failed to be more effective, just stayed at the same level.If I can modify this game, I'll show the developing score to understand the user's status clearly. Another thing is to show communit measure. To click the bright cloud didn't work to make us understood it is to show community's activites. That was just very similar to whack-a-mole game. I would like to make it express photos or expressions of people's face that dealing with the problems to show the activities. Furthermore, I didn't understand why the tricks that already clicked cloud (or bright light?) were popped up sometimes. Those might be meaningful but I have no idea what those were for. However, this game was successful to show us what risk management is. The explanation before the next level, which was written at the bottom of the information page, was very helpful to remind me the purpose of the game. I could find to try the lessons of the game while playing all the time depite the fact that I was frustrated due to the lack of the limitation of my capacity.