7605126

The Risk Horizon Game

The Risk Horizon Game is a good game for taken decisions to
ensure effective risk management. I did enjoy the game even though I do not actually
like playing computer games because it takes almost all your attention. 

The Role of Risk
Management in the Game

The main role of risk management in the game, is to create a
balance between Knowledge, Protection Insurance, and coping (repair 
sharing) to deal decisively of uncertainties. I was confronted to decide or to choose
between insurance, protection and knowledge in order to manage risk effectively
within specific time. Each of the risk tools comes with a cost, and such you
should be mindful about your choices. In the game, I would have wished to take
more protection in order to manage risk but it was impossible because there is
the need to balance the three main tolls given to manage the risk. In the sequence
of the game, I realized that sometimes your inability to properly apportion the
resources available would end you not been able to complete the level as a
result not manage risk well. There was an instance where I have to purchase
insurance but I had already exhausted the resources, therefore I was not able
to secure the required insurance such made effective risk management at that
instance not achieved. In some instances, you have to forgo development in
order to prepare for risk only to realize it did not occur. In the game, there
was a time I have to do more research, purchase more insurance and protection
but the comet did missed. 

What to Do
Differently

To be frank I played the game about six times or more thinking I would be
able to complete all the levels but I could not. I was able to complete only
level two. After the first and second games, it became eminent to me that I
have to ensure balance between acquisition of knowledge, ensuring protection
and securing insurance and that is what I did. Though the three go in concert,
sometimes looking at the severity of the comet you can ignore insurance or
protection.  Knowledge is what I think
should be acquire always no matter how less severe the impact would be, the reason being that having knowledge worth a million .

The Risk Management
Choices That Matter in the Place I Live

If I am tasked to develop a new version of the game by
adding one simple risk management choices in my area, I would add the religious
belief and their cultural background of the people in that area. I will also
add opportunities that comes with risk. 

 

 