7606378

I found the Risk Horizon game interesting and educational in
the realm of risk management. Even though the premise of the game is simple the
game quickly becomes challenging as you try to balance developing the city with
protecting it from meteors. I found it difficult to meet the “goal” for each
level because of the hard decision of whether to spend money on development,
insurance, or protecting the city. I had to play the game several times just to
reach level four, which was the highest I completed. I tried several
strategies; multiple structures with little protection, one structure with high
protection, and just a few structures with medium level protection. I was most successful
with the last option with the 50% insurance option. 

 

                The
first approach, building the maximum pods, left little money over for
protection or insurance. When a meteor hit the damage and repair costs were
high. This approach made it possible to meet the goal of each level unless the
damage from a meteor hit was too costly. This development approach is similar to
areas that expand rapidly but have catastrophic losses when disaster strikes
due to few protection measures. 

 

                The
second approach, building one or two well protected pods, limited the amount of
damage from meteor strikes but made it hard to meet the level goals. This was
because the protection cost money which meant those funds were not adding to
the goal. Due to the high level of protestation the damage from the meteors was
minimal or prevented. Cities and countries often set development goals for
themselves either as monetary (GDP, Export Amounts etc.) or demographic (urban
population, employment rate, literacy rate, disease prevention etc.). In order
to meet these goals, officials must balance funding them versus funding
disaster (risk) prevention measures.

 

                The third
approach, medium growth with mid-level protection and insurance, was successful
for me in this game and probably the most realistic and probable in the real
world. By only building and maintain a few pods, three to four, I still had
money left over to buy the 50% insurance and the mid-level protection. Because
of the protection and insurance, when a meteor struck the damage was not as bad
as with no coverage and the insurance covered half of the cost. The knowledge
(research) obtained by studying the meteors was helpful because of the extra
time for connections after a hit. However this took away time that could have
been spent adding pods or protection.

 

Because Risk Horizon challenges the player to expand their city
while handling natural disasters, I find this game a good simplified
representation of challenges that affect developing areas and how risk management
can aid in their development. The game makes it obvious that there is a delicate
balance between meeting development goals and providing protection against
unavoidable hazards.