7616064

RISK HORIZON GAME I must admit that when i start playing the game i thought it was just a simple and easy game for childern. Well, i was wrong. The first time i fail in the game i started to think what decisions should i take while different events took place. The things that really mattered where: a) knowledge for the meteor,  b) level of protection, c) insurance options, d) growth rate, e) time. I had to decide, in real time basis, which decision to take in order to keep all these aspects in balance. Every game needed a different tactic and some really tough decisions. Should i sacrifice growth to favour protection? Should i choose insurance and undermine the protection aspect? Do i have time for the necessary growth? Well these questions were on my mind all the time of the game. In the end i must say that i enjoyed the game and i shall keep playing it for a while.The role of the Risk Management in the game is evident. It is obvious that you must manage a difficult situation calculating various aspects simultaneously and ofcourse taking decisions that you cannot take back. Every disaster, every hit, every crashing of the meteor was a growth in my experience of the game and of the requisites to keep the growth of my planet. Knowledge, protection, insurance, development (growth) and time were crusial and i kept monitorin them all the time. Definately the most important factor was growth, without growth you lose the game. The second most important factor was protection, with the appropriate protection i saved a lot of money which otherwise i would have spended in repairs and in a significant slow down of growth (development). On the other hand, time was important because it changed a lot of my decisions about growth, knowledge and protection. Insurance was a back-up that saved me some time from protection to growth and knowledge was the first thing in mind in order to take the wright decision. The questions tha arisen where the following: is the danger imminent, is it great, am i prepared for its magnitude, do i have time to prepare for it, what are the chances,et.? So risk driven my dicisions as much as gain (growth). Considering the things i did in the game and the decisions i took from the first game to the last one i should say that they changed totally. A lot of comets-meteors crushed in my planet and i didnt follow a good strategy. Game by game i adopted more and more to the situations that arisen and i avoided bad, really bad situations. If i play the game again know what strategy to follow but in the tactic level it will be a decision in real time. I came to the conclusion that in Risk Management there is no "Golden Rule". Everything changes and as Heraklitus said "Τὰ πάντα ῥεῖ", which means that "everything flows". If i was asked toadd another aspect in the game i would definately choose evaluation. By evaluation i mean that after a big catastrophe there must be a consideration of what should be done to prevent that. For example, did i invest a lot in growth, did i underestimated a danger, where there some sudden-unexpected events that i didnt forseen? All these must be evaluated so that we can prevent a similar danger in the future.Finally i must thank you for the opportunity of playing this game that i dint knew before and i hope that you keep showing us other creative modules. Thank you very much.Evangelos F. Tsimpouris