7619203

The role of risk
management was to gather information on the risk on potential hazard and potential
impact on the location, very quickly it was necessary to evaluate the potential
hazard based on the information provided (e.g. severity, change of hit, research,
protection, damage etc..) and then provide a possible plan for mitigate the
negative impact. The challenge was to make very quick and fundamental decision
in order to mitigate and avoid as much as possible the impact. It was necessary
to manage a budget necessary to acquire insurance in order to get insured in
case of impact and damage. As well with the available budget it could be possible
to protect the existing infrastructure and repair the damaged ones. After some
time it was clearer the potential areas where the meteorites could hit the
ground, so the rehabilitation areas were chosen in area with limited
probability of damage. N this case rehabilitation works had less costs and less
burden in the communities.The second time it was not yet clear the pattern,
it took me few more time to understand the pattern of the meteorites. I would
do differently to build in different and more protected areas the building, this
as well had an effect on the level of insurance. In fact the first time I purchased
the insurance was the maximum level, but then when I started to play different
games I could chose lower level of insurance after had identified more
protected areas. Lessons learned are that the hazards can be of different
types, but as well can be cyclical and so It is important to learn from
previous experience in order to be better prepared in future hazards. It is
impossible to eliminate completely the risk but it is possible to limit and
mitigate the future risks. It is as well important to have a correct balance
between funds available and level of insurance in order to be able to perform
repairs in case of damage.I would change
the insurance providing more details and different options related to the
potential hazards specific for the location where I live. I would like to
include a sort of lesson learning process in order to learn from trial and
error and learning from specific experience.

 