7634409

While playing the risk
game, I faced two kinds of trade-off. Firstly, I had to decide whether to
invest time and money into reaching the development goals through the
development of pods or whether to allocate resources to risk management.
Secondly, there was the decision in which form of risk management to invest. 

Reaching the development
goals was only possible through a combination of developing pods and ensuring
that these developments were protected against the comets, i.e. potential
(systemic) shocks. Research, i.e. acquiring knowledge, was a good way to update
the available information on the likelihood and severity of the shock. If one
or both parameters were low, I was more willing to take the risk of investing
into development rather than up-front risk management, especially when a
reasonable level of protection was already attained. On the other hand, when
the potential severity of the likelihood of the shock were assumed to be high,
I tried to invest more in research, insurance and protection. 

Insurance lowered the costs
of ex-post risk management in form of repairing pods (coping), but required
large lump-sum payments. I rarely had the resources available to buy the
highest level of coverage. Instead, I invested in a low or medium level of
insurance and tried otherwise to protect my development by investing into the
low-cost measures of protection and research. Thus, the trade-off between
different risk management tools was constrained by the available resources.

When a shock hit, I tried
to get back on track with following my development goals by investing into
repairing damaged pods. The shock meant I temporarily had less resources
available to further the pods’ development and sometimes even to invest into
ex-ante management of future potential shocks, thus making my developments more
vulnerable to these.

If I had to
play the game again, I would try to ensure that I invest in all risk management
components (research, insurance, protection and coping) in a balanced way,
while at the same time also trying to invest more in development. 

If I were
to change the game, I would introduce more different types of risk. In the
country I live in as in all countries, people face different kinds of risks to
development – health shocks, unemployment, natural disasters. Incorporation
different types of shocks thus adds the realistic trade-off that people face
between preparing for several kind of risks, again taking into account
available resources, severity and likelihood of shocks.

