7643759

The role of the risk management in the game is to protect the pods either by taking insurance, protection or taking the help of research to combat falling meteors. I chose protection and insurance in every level to help pods to come back to the path of development. Whenever measures for protection as well as insurance scheme were adopted, damage from severe hits of the meteors to the developing pods was quite less. Henceforth, less resources were getting depleted in order to re-develop the damaged pods. When only insurance was being adopted and not protection, then the magnitude of damage to the developing pods was much higher and bigger. So, it was important to have a balance between spending on protection and insurance schemes, as you were having limited resources. When I played the game again after my first experience I tried developing good number of pods. Developing pods was requiring resources but once pods were being developed the island was generating more resources. Once you created a good pool of resources you were in a position to provide protection measures to the island and also buy sufficient good amount of insurance to guard your pods against the falling meteors. Secondly I took the help of community contacting good number of communities in the given short span of time to react and lessen the damage to some extent. Thus, development is required for a place to grow and generate income. Different risks in the form of shocks hamper development of a nation / region. A country's progressive development should not suffer by coming in contact of shocks like natural disasters or financial crises. That's why risk management has a very crucial role in creating buffers so that the people of any nation when face risks, they are secured, they suffer minimum losses and nation as a whole is back on the track of progressive development in the minimum amount of time.If I am given a chance to bring a change in the present game, then it would be if we can control the motion and the positioning of the meteor which is coming to hit the island. A shock like natural disaster can not be controlled before its arrival but a risk like financial crisis can be controlled. The reasoning behind this notion is that US financial crisis was predicted by few economists well ahead in time.