7644268

The
Luminator of Alora

The game enables to make choices
in the requirements for resilence in mitigating losses from disastrous
events.  Little is known about the
frequency of the comets, when was the last time a comet hit Alora.  

 

The choices made were in relation
to the 3 luminator powers: Research, Protection  Insurance.  Because of this lack of historical data, the
choices made were mostly directed towards protection.  This lack of historical data also made that
time was spent focussing on the comet which then led to time which could have
been spent preparing for protection.

 

Preparation for risk affect
development as capital is invested in research, protection and insurance
whereas it may have been directed to the benefit of the population of
Alora.  However, not knowing when the
comet would strike and have devastating effect, the population needs to be
prepared in order to survive with the least impact.

 

I played the game once.  The main thing learnt from the game is that
there needs to be a balance between Research, protection and insurance.  By having the main focus on only one of the
powers without considering the other two would mean that Alora would be
destroyed more easily than if the focus is spread over these three powers.  I lost in Level 1 as I did not spend enough
on research and at the end did not have enough wealth to protect the community
as much was spent on protection.

 

In developing a new version of
the game, one simple thing that I would have added to better represent the risk
management choices is the amount of funding available so that when money is
withdrawn for insurance or for setting up and upgrading pods, the player is
aware of how much funds is still available for research, protection and
insurance.  

 

Similarly, one of the risks that
many young people in Melbourne, Australia where I live, face is the risk of
being a victim of crime related to alcohol violence.  There has been a spate of crimes related to
alcohol violence leading to serious injury and death in some instances.  Alcohol related crimes affect individuals and
the community.  

 

The risk management choice that
must be taken into account is the economic trade-offs.  Investment in prevention would certainly
reduce the long-term costs associated with alcohol-related crimes including
costs to the health system and costs from lost productivity. The Government
imposes tax on alcohol which adds up to approximately $1.6billion* a year.  However, it is argued that an increased
proportion of the alcohol taxation revenue could be used implement strategies
which would be used in research, protection and educating young people on the
consequences of alcohol-related violence. 
The Government must help the community in fighting against these crimes.
