7644188

1. The role of risk Management

Growing the community development with the available time frame, preparing for the potential Shocks and balancing the development with the appropriate protection against the threat is the main goal of risk Management in the game.
The choices that I made and the trade-offs that I confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance
In terms of Knowledge, knowing the severity and chance of hit by the comets gives us accurate information of the severity and the chance of hit by the comets. In addition, information/Knowledge about the risk can help us to have a better understanding of the nature and likelihood of risks that we will face. So that we made the appropriate and necessary protection by putting our effort to do more research that give us more time to be prepare and at the same time will increase our level of protection. However, I have faced a trade off in Knowledge that is, sometimes the information that I have got about the severity and chance of hit of risk is not perfect.
Protection, once we know the severity and chance of hit through the research that we made, the necessary level of protection that matched with the level of the severity of hit must be implemented. So that, for continues development goal achievement of the community, we have to balancing our protection against the treat that lead the community in to success in their development goal. As a matter of lucky sometimes the risk of hit might not crate considerable damage at all. However, we need to prepare for the risk of hit. In contrast, sometimes I have incurred high cost of protections and may face high severity of damage. Insurance, Sometimes the shock is so very high and we might be too late to protect. So that to Eliminate or minimize the loss, I Bought insurance. Nevertheless, the cost of insurance is the tradeoff.
The Ways preparation for risk affects development (immediately, or after some time)?
Once we made the necessary preparation (Knowledge, protection and Insurance) , it Eliminate or minimize / reduce the immediate level of damage. In addition, to the future it makes easy the re-development program of the community with the lower cost.
2. The main things learned from the game 
While I played the game for the 2nd and 3rd time, I Learned  to manage the game and won the next level easily .The main things what I learned from the games are:-
Balancing the level of protection against the threat.The more the research is the more time to be prepare and increase the level of protection.
To be insured is necessary for higher severity.
Connecting community reduce the damage.
Utilization of Resources(Time and Money)
3. Propose change
	Shack /Damage has a large economic loss and it is costly, likewise the cost of protection, insurance, and research are also high.The community don’t know and uncertain about the extent and time of occurrence of the shock. So, that to assess and to know in a better way this uncertainty I would propose benefit cost analyses mechanized in the game. 