7647367

1.  What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

The role of the risk
manager in the game is to use resources to nullify the risk/danger by preparation
or capacity to prepare, utilising resource to ensure safety of human and physical assets.

Knowledge was obtained
from experience while playing the game. Research of the various risks or possible disasters helped
to make decisions to spend resource to protect against and/or avoid risks.

Protection was used
to raise the island to avoid or lesson the impact of risk. This costs money and use thereof drains resources
and must be used wisely and sparingly, yet effectively.

Insurance can be
bought with money and at the expense of other resources. Insurance must be
bought wisely as one can over or under insure.

Preparation for
risk requires resources and money, therefore slowing development down. Under preparation ensured disaster and destruction and loss of infrastructure.  

 

2.  If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played
the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

Respond quicker, be
more decisive.Spent money more
wisely:

Don’t over or under spend on
buildings and development.

Researched the
threat completely completely and continuous monitor.

Spent a measured
amount/not over or under spend on insurance.

Spent a measured
amount/not over or under spend on protection.

Budget for disaster
relief after impact to ensure one can cope with the after effects. 

3.  The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live.

Have an early warning
system and an option to implement an evacuation procedure. The decision can be
made once the imminent threat is identified and after researched the choice could be made to evacuate the most vulnerable mobile. This could be an option to to evacuate and possibly move to higher ground out of harms way.

Include an option to have
stakeholders (private and government) involved at the start of the game and the
various resources each party has to offer and the incentives/motivation these
parties would need to be involved. 