7648351

1.      
After playing the game a couple of times, I
understood the importance of what was taught in the past few lectures.
Right from the moment I started the game, I realized that Risk Management is
not something which can be achieved by focusing on just one aspect of a
disaster. Rather, it is achieved by the amalgamation of knowledge, protection
and insurance, keeping in mind the ability to cope with the result of the
shock.

At the beginning, because of some
cash-crunch I wasn’t able to focus on the protection part of the game. This
lead to a high initial damage but I was able to cope with this effectively. With
enough cash reserves, I immediately raised the land to protect from future
risks.

An aspect of risk knowledge which
I found to be very intriguing was that there were some falling comets for which
the risk of hitting was very low. The knowledge about this was crucial in
focussing on other comets and in some cases on strengthening my existing system
to withstand future shocks.

The preparation initially was on
the weaker side. This adversely affected the way the community development was
taking place. As the preparation to face the risk increased, the damage caused
by comets decreased substantially and this in turn hastened the development.

2.      
I played the game several times. At first, I was
focussing on just one aspect of the game – Development. Soon I realized that
every time a comet hits, I was losing out on all the previous good work and was
eventually not clearing the levels. I, then, allotted equal weightage to
protection and insurance and combining that with the knowledge that I had of
the impending danger, I was able to cope with the damage more effectively.

The learning from the lectures
had practical usage in the game. Firstly, reducing risk through enhancing
resilience requires an integrated planning process to make sure that structures
are resilient to current and future hazards. Secondly, apply post-catastrophe
rebuilding processes to increase recovery speed and lessen follow-on effects.
Third, comprehensive data is crucial throughout the natural disaster timeline
for increasing awareness, finding effective resilience measures, early warning systems,
efficient disaster response and resilient rebuilding.

3.      
If I were to develop a new version of the game
then I would like to include an aspect where there would be incentives for
better management of the risk. For e.g. I would like to give the player a bonus
for successfully being able to incur ‘no damage’ after a comet has hit the
planet. This could be in the form of bonus money or better protection
incentives or the ability to research on the comets more quickly. The reason
for this is that the incentive for better development and in turn more
prosperity could potentially motivate people to do better risk management in
the face of impending danger.

I live in the coastal region of
India. I believe a better way to track impending natural disasters would be a welcome
change. A case in point would be the tsunami that struck the nation in 2001. A
lot of lives could have been saved had there been an early warning system.
Another aspect relates to the governance. The behaviour and cognitive biases
that politicians here tend to cultivate are impairing the way risk is managed. Excessive
exploitation of common natural resources such as oceans, forests etc., is
leading to environmental degradation and a future drop in economic growth.
Dissemination of knowledge on these aspects will help a long way in better risk
management and pursuing productive growth opportunities.