7654656

Risk and Opportunity: Managing
Risk for Development

“Risk management can be a
powerful instrument for development” (World Bank, 2014)

In my line of work where I mostly
work with Small Island Developing States, preparing for natural disasters is
very much a way of life. The Pacific is one the most affected regions in the
globe from effects of climate change. Island vulnerability and risk management
are two key themes in formulation of action plans to combat the effects of
climate change.  For Example, a countries
specific vulnerability could be the contamination of ground water by rising sea
levels.  A detailed water resources
monitoring and management is required.

In this course, I thought the
game exercise on the principle of good risk management provided me with valuable
lessons of how disasters can be avoided and more importantly be minimized. In
my very first attempt I was very eager to get the green “next level up bar” as
quickly as possible. With every attempt I was always let down by my poor
choices as the comets were always blowing up my built up communities. After several
attempts I realized that insurance was a great way of saving money and having
that extra time for development. I had eliminated the risk of losing all the
money and had always surplus to further develop my community. Furthermore, I
noted that having a balanced development plan and researching well on comets
limited disasters.

In terms of if I was now given
just one chance to play the game. I would try to be bold in the development of
the community but at the same time I would also be mindful of the risks and by
managing those risks wisely, I think I would reach the top levels in the game.
Risk management is really a good tool for development.

If there is one thing I would
like to change in the game that would have to be the addition of an extra power.
This power I would like to be known as financial management. I think if there
is like an expenditure cap then players would also realise some values of
financial management. Accumulating money in the game is fairly easy and maybe
just a little bit of difficulty needs to be added. The game overall is an
excellent motivator that makes one realise the importance of risk management. I’m
happy to have taken the course and hope the same for my fellow peers.Works cited
 World Bank, 2014. World
 Development Report 2014, New York: World Bank.
 