7657907

The three preparatory elements of risk management were evident throughout the game in the shape of research/knowledge; insurance; and protection. The constant evaluation of the severity and likelihood of a given threat becoming realised, and preparing for it, is at the core of what risk management is about for me and I assume that is the point of the game.

I played the game several times and experimented with a range of different emphasis in strategy. Common for all attempts was a constant re-investment in upgrades of the pods in order to increase the resources available for more upgrades of both pods and preparations. In terms of my protection strategies I tried emphasis on research in order to increase community connections; I emphasised insurance to see to what extent a sustain-and-rebuild strategy would fare (not very well); and finally I also emphasised protection to better sustain impacts.

Placing the emphasis on one element of the three was not a viable strategy. I found that an emphasis on knowledge would nevertheless mean I sustained heavy damage from major events also with good community connections. A focus on insurance meant insurmountable impact on the development scale and costly rebuilding. Finally, a focus on protection also reduced the development levels, even appearing (imagined or not) to slow the revenue stream down (I assume this is part of the cost referred to in the instructions).

The strategy I found took me the furthest (just short of completing level 6) was an emphasis on both knowledge and on protection. I would re-invest generated revenue in protection, especially after the level bar was full, and I constantly kept research bars high relative to the severity of the threat of any given comet. I only invested in insurance where I judged the severity and likelihood of a major event surpassing my protection were sufficiently high.

If I got to add one element it would be fluctuating insurance costs which I did not get the impression are in play. If, like me, the player chooses to take out the insurance only after finding that one of the comets is a high likelihood/high impact event, then the cost for the insurance would go up substantially. I have yet to encounter an insurer who would not raise premiums if an event had become more likely. Thus, insurance is something you take out before an event is imminent or suffer increased costs and this should be reflected also in the game.