7662862

The role of risk management in this game is considering and to identify risk reduction measures. The choices that i had to make was How can you purchase insurance without consultation and evaluation of the resources available, How do you balance payment to build proper infrastructure to build growth or to invest heavily on developing the existing structures. The preparation did holt development as there were more funds allocated to research and preparation of risk. but in the long run it did pave ways for future prosperity for development. the trade offs that i made was always between investing in research or investing in insurance. 
i have played the game quite a few times. according to my understanding i would have definitely bought more insurance and spent more time on research if i had know that makes life easy along the way. i would also have gone through the tutorial a bit more to be absolutely sure about how i shall proceed in playing the game.The most important thing that i learn from this game is that you ought to be prepared before calamities come and you ought to have proper procedures set in order to handle tough situations.
If i were given a chance to edit this game slightly i would have looked at research option more carefully where one touch of button should in fact star the session and should continue until i want to stop. And also while the research was on its process i would like to keep other stuff going. 
The place where i live should change the way to make sure that building codes are properly followed when they are being approved and prepared. Too many times i have seen that building permissions and plans do not match with the end result. There shall be more research done as to why the landlords don not spend more money to secure its premises so that it is not at risk. The authorities need to come up with laws and take that law into effect so that people who does not abide by it should be penalized or punished appropriately for that matter. If they do not send a strong signal i am afraid this is going to be dooms day for my city as i believe that 70% structures are prone to disaster when it comes to moderate to high level earthquake. they should also raise awareness so that people know what is expected of them when it comes to what to do after the earthquake. 