7670120

1. Without risk management (such as insurance or protection) it is almost impossible to clear the stages.There are four components of risk management according to WDR14. The relations are as follows:-Knowledge: Understanding the rules of the game. I didn't try the tutorial at first so I did nothing on  protection and totally got destroyed by a big comet of magnitude 7. After doing the tutorial I understood how to use protection figure.-Insurance: The insurance was quite straightforward, did not had trouble understanding it. As level increased, however, the cost for insurance went higher so after some failure I had to save for the insurance before I pass a level.-Protection: Protection cost not much at lower level, but as level increases the cost was going too high (and too slow to act upon comets) so eventually I saved only 4~5 spaces and just coped with broken pods.-Coping: Even if I did insurance and protection, there were events that pods could not escape from crisis. After the hit I faced broken pods and had to repair them. I could reduce the cost of repairing due to insurance. 2. I tried the game several times and finally made through level5.First attempt, did not knew how to use protection and without it I could not pass level3 because of the destructive comets.Second attempt, put a lot of resources into protection and insurance, but protection cost was too high to manage and could not pass the money limit.Third attempt, just before passing a level, I saved certain amount of money for insurance so when I got into a new stage I could buy insurance(of highest guarantee) right away.And I kept repairing pods whenever they got injured, because it seemed so slow with even one broken pod.Overall I learned it is impossible to manage risk without having all the components of risk management(knowledge, insurance, protection, coping).3. I would suggest linking action should be included in the "peace times" also. At first glance it looks like the community takes action only when risk hit society, but actually it's not. There is always social relationship going on with or without crisis(=comet hits). Therefore, as user develop the pods, he/she will also have to make a social link among the pods, building a social relationship even in normal times. Also, help from social part is also done after the crisis, so there should be another linking action after the comet hit. (More social link = Faster recovery)The place I live has a lousy system for risk management on weather, maybe it's because that we do not experience big crisis often. There is mediocre-level of insurance and hardly no protection, so whenever a risk hits hard, the damage is almost always massive. When crisis occurs, local community (government  private section) gathers up quickly and does everything they can do to reconstruct society. It is only possible because there are social actions taken at non-risky times. People feel "included" in the community and helping the injured member seems like a "right" thing to do. Without this, the coping process would be much longer and harder.