7671860

1 What was
the role of risk management in the game?            As it is stated in WDR 2014 section 1, “risk management needs to combine the capacity to prepare for risk
with the ability to cope afterwards”. If you might have a look again on DIAGRAM
1 on page 12, the shocks are symbolized by the meteors. So you have as a
developer on your planet to decide how to prepare for these shocks. Therefore are different possibilites at your hand: gaining knowledge, protection, decide for insurance or to cope with losses.

 What choices
did I make?

            It is important to handle the amount
of money in the right way. As the meteors will become more severe and appear more
often during the game, it is important to do a quick start and invest in new
pods. Afterwards you have to handle trade-offs:

 My trade-offs
confronted with:

            trade-off
in term of knowledge: if you are researching meteors, you are not able
to build new pods or to prepare for flooding. But as knowledge reduces uncertainty,
it is important to do research.            trade-off
in term of protection: you can invest in single protection of a house or
protect against flooding. My experience has been that the protection against
flooding has been more effective.            trade-off
in term of insurance: you are only able to by insurance to get paid for suffered losses. It is much more desirable to protect. In what ways
did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

            The preparation for risk of the
whole village has been immediately important to reach further development. So you
have to pick the more effective preparation for risk to reach further
development. As it is more effective to protect against flooding as to upgrade
single houses, you have always to be sure to have a suitable flooding protection,
at least as I have been experiencing.

            But to reach a long-term development
you have to upgrade your pods and to do heavily research.

 2 I played
the game more than once, what did I do differently after the first time?

            I invested heavily in flooding
protection for the whole village. And I did a lot of researching. Therefore I
tried to prepare via knowledge gaining and protection and not via insurance.
Coping has been very expensive without any future gain. So I did my best games
when I succeeded to prepare a lot and not have been forced to insure against
huge losses and to cope.

 What did I
learn from the game?

            Gain as much knowledge as you can,
like with a MOOOC, try to protect with others and try to avoid been forced to
cope with losses.

 3 What
change would I propose?

            I would like to propose to implement
the difficulties of working together. This could be in a way that the inhabitants
of the pods don’t want to invest in the very effective common protection against flooding,
but some inhabitants are willing to invest their proportion in their upgrade of their pod.
There is always a trade-off between the individual gain and the gain for the
whole community. 

            As we don’t suffer so many natural
catastrophes in Europe we have larger problems with the decision-making for
future projects in our society, as our society is ever getting older. There are some
large infrastructure projects in Germany which are heavily discussed. Be it a
new railroad line or new public buildings. The nearby inhabitants are often
against new developments, which have short-term negative effects to their own
quality of live, to gain future wins for the whole community. 