7673178

Mario Haaf                                                                                                                                     07/07/2014

 

Reflection Paper on Risk Horizon Game for the course Risk Management

If risk is the possibility of loss
lose, the role of risk management in this game was to avoid or soften the
impact of incoming meteors on your developing city by building protection,
monitoring the meteors’ trajectory and building a sustainable, resilient city.
In the first attempt I made the choice to rise up protection levels almost to
the maximum and to upgrade the houses regularly in order to obtain resources.
Lifting up protection levels is time-consuming, what explains why I spent only
the necessary amount of time monitoring the meteors.

 Nevertheless monitoring meteors makes the bar
rise fast, that is the trade-off I made in the second attempt. But here comes,
where I failed. I received the necessary points relatively quick, but neglected
my protection levels. When the meteor hit, the city’s development was thrown
back. A quick recovery was only possible due to the insurance on level three.
Here I realized that is true: Insurance is vital, but costs money. In the last
30 seconds of each round it is important to save money to get the best
insurance available. Insurance can decide between failure and success in times
of crisis, just like mentioned in the course putting forward the example of
Indian farmers.

Within the course of the game I changed
the focus between high protection levels, doing research and emphasizing on
development. A well-developed city can resists a strike more easily and recovers
quicker, but only putting the focus on development is also the wrong strategy,
protection needs to be well-build as well. When it comes to monitoring there is
one trade-off to make, if it is clear that the meteor has only a low
possibility to hit, is it worth following it until it vanished? It gives
points, but in the meanwhile protection levels and development are neglected.
All three factors need to be in balance and have to improve simultaneously in
order to grow a sustainable city. On the other side one time I thought I found
the equilibrium and built a thriving city, resisting every possible impact. But
then a meteor with the highest severity struck and my development suffered
remarkably. I could recover, but failed the round. The lesson learned is that
you can be prepared or you think you are prepared, but it is no guarantee that any
form of loss can be avoided.

While playing the game two ideas
struck my mind. The game would be enriched if there was a human factor. In this
moment “only” the houses suffer, but what about the human costs? It makes the
game more realistic. As well, there needs to be a new feature installed, such as
evacuation. The gamer has to make the decision whether he or she evaluated the
risk to be real enough to evacuate the habitants with the trade-off to slow
down development. As a second idea new countermeasures should be introduced.
For example, the possibility to invest in a military laser to burn out parts of
the meteor in order to soften the impact.