7682991

PARTI 2: GAME REFLECTIONThe role of risk management in the game was 
the identification, assessment and prioritization of risks of Alora 
community. this game taught me how and why risk management is important 
for healthy development. By playing this game I learned though research,
 protection and insurance how  to develop alora world to the best of my 
ability while meeting milestones to comets threaten. But despite 
obstacles, I tried to fill my development bqr by building and upgrading 
pods. and this procedure helped me to learn and undestand how to 
coordinate economical application of resources to minimize, monitor and 
controle the probability and impact of unfornate natural disasters.Therefore,
 in terms of knowledge, I managed the chance of the comet hitting until 
the impact and I received more time of information to create community 
connections right before the comet hits. this method helped a lot to 
boost the protection. And in terms of protection; I pressed and hold  
the slider, located on the bottom right of the screen, into the upright 
position to raise the Alora Island. Through this, I prevented the pods 
from being damaged by matching the level of protection, indicated by the
 meter to the right of the slider.finally, in terms of the power of 
insurance; I prepared for high severity comet by buying a plan. I mean, 
by obtaining insurance, pods damaged from waves of comets were quicker 
and cheapper rebuilt. this helped me to recover lost development.So,
 for the most part, these methods consisted of identifying; 
characterizing threats of Alora community, assessing the vulnerability 
of critial assets to specific threats, identifying ways to reduce those 
risk and prioritizing risk reduction measures based on a strategy. That
 is why I chose to build and upgrade more pods so that I might fill 
faster and increase the amount of wealth. this helped me to continue 
keeping the meter green by trying to reach my goal of passing another 
level.And in terms of the trade-offs I confronted, I can say that it
 was not easy to beat the level in the sense of reaching the indicated 
on this development meter because of the time and also I did not know 
how to reach the goal in time. But the main things I learned from the game are :

After establishing the context, the next step in the
process of managing risk is to identify potential risks. Risks are about events
that, when triggered, cause problems or benefits. Hence, risk identification
can start with the source of our problems and those of our competitors
(benefit), or with the problem itself.

Once risks have been identified, they must then be assessed
as to their potential severity of impact (generally a negative impact, such as
damage or loss) and to the probability of occurrence. These quantities can be
either simple to measure, in the case of the value of a lost building, or
impossible to know for sure in the case of the probability of an unlikely event
occurring. Therefore, in the assessment process it is critical to make the best
educated decisions in order to properly prioritize the implementation of the risk management plan.

Risk management regarding
natural disasters : It is
important to assess risk in regard to natural disasters like floods caused by comet like in Alora community,
and so on. Outcomes of natural disaster risk assessment are valuable when
considering future repair costs, In terms of developing a
 new version of the game, I will increase more money of insurance and to
 introduce people in building and upgrading pods. I will try to reduce 
level.