7685322

The purpose
of the game is to develop the community by building pods while meeting certain
milestones along the way. Each pod helps increasing the rate of development.

The risks
that the island faces are falling comets. These comets fall into the water and
cause waves that hinder development. We must balance between growing our
community and preparing for these potential shocks.

To manage
this risk tree main abilities are used: Research, Protection and Insurance. But
each action costs resources, like in real life.

Research is
the power to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the
time until impact, and the severity of the comet. The more you observe the comet
the more you receive time to create community connections right before the
comet hits, helping boost your protection and the more are precise the
information about its severity so that you can adapt your protection to the
impact.

We can also
protect the island against the waves by raising it in the air. By matching the
level of protection, with the severity of the comet, we prevent our pods from
being damaged. And another time nothing is for free, the more you lift, the
more this action costs. We observed that when two comets are successive and the
first one is more destructive than the other, you have to protect yourself from
the first one only. We also developed some tactics like gaining protection in
all the seconds remaining after achieving the development rate demanded in each
level. That means that after achieving a certain level of development we should
take time to protect ourselves.

Finally
comes the Insurance, by obtaining insurance, pods damaged will be quicker and
cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost development time after pods are
repaired. But as observed insuring yourself while you’re in the beginning of development
is not efficient and costs a lot, while insuring yourself in advanced levels is
of paramount importance and the more developed are the pods, the more costs of repairing
are higher.

By using
these three powers in concert with development, we create a healthy community. The
risk management consists on striking a balance between the development and the
risk. 

Actually
I played the game more than once, after the first time I stopped getting the insurance
for the first levels and getting the maximum of protection, simply because when
you face a highly destructive comet you don’t have enough time to protect the
island unless you’ve reached an advanced level of protection in the previous
steps. So while facing a risk a prior protection is needed, that means that we
have to take caution before the risk comes.

 

So
to cut it short if I am asked to imagine a developed version of the game, I
would add the option of building protected pods that would cost more than the
normal ones and would resist to the waves.

Everything
else with the game is perfect and very interactive.