7687573

Playing “Risk Horizon” was shocking realistic for me. I´m not a fan of
video games and, being honest, I never imagined to acquire so much to reflect
on. When I read the instructions, the game seems “too simple” (developing the
city and protecting from comets). But the true is that, when I started playing,
it took me three tries to get to level 2, and one more attempt to finally get to
level 4. 

 

In this game, the role of risk management is evident. You need to
balance between investing in construction of pods and investing in research, protection
and insurance that will assure your readiness when the shock-comets arrive. 

 The first time that I played the
game, when the comets arrived I was to slow with “coping the crisis” and my
entire city was destroyed. The next time I was faster when the shock stroked
but, since I hadn’t  invest enough in
protection my city was destroyed again. In my third attempt I trade off
construction of pods for enough protection and a good insurance, which helped
me to develop until level 3. However the time passed and I didn´t get the
development required to pass to level 4, even when I had been good at coping
with the shocks and developing my entire city. In my fourth attempt, I realized
that I wasn´t investing enough in research (because it seems boring to wait)
but that, by doing it, my development raised faster and I earned more money to
invest in upgrading my pods. Therefore, I invested a lot on research and
finally completed the game. At the end, by investing a great amount of my
budget in research, I earned enough to accomplish a safe and fully developed
city (with all my pods in level 5).

With this experience I re-learned four key things regarding risk
management: 

1.   
In a society full of risks, development without
risk management is useless because, at the end, the costs of being careless are
so high that trashed the development acquired. 

2.   
Risk management is about fastness and continual
update, because you need to keep on working for avoiding the crisis. And, when
the crisis arrives, you need to be fast enough to handle it in order to prevent
damages. 

3.   
Nothing is needless when it comes to risk
management. Knowledge, protection and insurance have a dynamic relation, and being
effective you need to balance them. If you skip one of these items, then you
will be less prepared and maybe you will get hardly damage when the shock
strikes. 

4.   
Research gives you more that you think. Even
when it may be seems boring or “unprofitable”; the true is that only knowledge
can take you to the top. 

 

Finally, for me the game is very accurate. Nevertheless,  if I had to improve it,  I would  make it more realistic adding more activities
for development (as building roads or providing social services) and more risk
to face (as floods or UVA Rays); so that players must work on several trade off
at the same time (as it is in real life). 