7690617

Question 1:

The game Risk Horizon
succulently highlights how challenging it can be to find a balance between
utilising resources for development and for risk preparation. It also
highlights that one can rarely succeed without the other. To complete the game
the user must, as the Luminator of Alora, successfully balance investing time
and money between development and the three areas of preparation which were knowledge,
protection and insurance. 

 

As the Luminator I found myself engaged in a balancing act
throughout the game. The more prepared I was to handle the risk of comets hitting
Alora, the less Alora could develop. As the game progressed I also found that not
only did each of the areas compete with one another for resources but they themselves
became steadily more demanding. With competing interests and increasing
pressure I decided to, after an initial failure, limit my focus and set myself
some priorities. My priorities in order of importance were:  

1.       At
the start of each level build/upgrade as many pods as possible before the comets
appear

2.       Maintain
a protection rating of six bars

3.       If
a comet appears with a severity rating of higher than 5 then observe it until
the research rating is one greater than the severity rating

4.       Build/upgrade
pods whenever objectives 2 and 3 are met

 

Question 2:

I played the game twice as on my initial attempt I only
made it to level 2.  On my first attempt
my natural instincts were to invest heavily in protection, research and
insurance to ensure Alora’s survival. I quickly found, however, that this
resulted in insufficient resources remaining to reach the set development milestones.
 Sacrifices needed to be made. Realising
that the affects of the comets could mostly be negated if Alora’s protection
and research levels were high enough, I decided to sacrifice the insurance
power. The funds previously used for insurance were then re-directed to the
building and upgrading of pods. By cutting out the insurance power and by limiting
my focus to the 4 priorities previously mentioned, I succeeded in completing
the 6 levels.

 

I learned two main
things from the game. The first is, that as a person I need to become less risk
adverse if I want to make the most of opportunities. In this context I had to risk
that I would be able to cope with the consequences of a comet hitting Alora without
insurance, if I was going to reach the development milestone.  The second thing I learned is just how
difficult the task of risk management can be. Even in a relatively controlled
and simple environment it was difficult to balance the competing areas.  Add in the variables of the real world and
multiple decision makers and the task would have been immensely more difficult.


 

Question 3:

In order for this game
to better represent the risk management choices where I live, it would require
the incorporation of a human impact factor. It is much easier to make risk
management decisions when the consequences only affect cartoon buildings on a
fictional world rather than real people. As I currently live in the Philippines
and work with children living below the poverty line, I have seen firsthand the
impact that poor risk management can have on people. One way this could be
achieved in the game, is by adding a casualty counter that is based on the
amount of damage the community sustains when a comet hits.  This may highlight to the user in a small
way, the potential impact that their risk management decisions could have. 