7692966

1,What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?Risk management is the most important thing in this game, if you ignore it, you aren't able to get through 1st level. I think the Protection come first, it can largely reduce the effect of comet.After that, then we can balance the money between protection and development. and insurance is the last thing, to avoid total lost. a, Knowledge: Immediately. This is the basement of risk management. We will have to keep it in a high level all the time. We can gain the most important information, and make the decision the level of protection and try not to affect development too much. Try to focus on those high risk comet(greater damage and greater hit possible).b, Protection: Immediately,  try to keep protection in a high level. But when the level of protection increased, it will also cost money and time, so we will have to balance it with development. When the knowledge told us the coming comet is not so dangerous, it will save the money and time(Need not spend it in protection).c, Insurance: after some time, when have enough money. If the knowledge and protection are high, we needn't spend too much money on insurance, but afterall, we'll have to buy some insurance, it can save us, when the worst situation occur.2,If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?I played the game several time, each time I use different strategy.In the first time, I did't pay much attention to the information about the type of comet, just spend all the money to risk management. But it will affect development too! So the balance is also important.Next time, I underestimate the power of the insurance. When it come to some total disast, I have nothing to reduce the lost. And then, the worst thing won't happen all the time, but it will happen when it will happen. So don't underestimate that.Main things I learned from the game: Balance. We will have to balance the protecion, insurance and development all the time. We can't just hope the worst won't happen, and do nothing about it. And too much risk management is not necessary and will affect development. But with the game goes on, it will be more and more important.3,The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? Different place will cause different incoming or risk.a, Knowledge: first thing first, we still have to knowing what to do, for example, where is the most valuable place, and where is the most vulnerable place。b, Protection: focus on the most valuable things, when have money and time, deal with the most vulnerable place.c, Insurance: focus on the most valuable things, especially those built on the vulnerable place.