7693262

The Game of Risk Horizon is all
about managing risk. Similar to the cost-time-quality triangle of project
management, the risk management involves insurance, research, time and
resource. Balance of all is required for successful completion of the project. Over
stressing on one component has negative effect on others. If quality is
stressed too much, it will cost more and time will not be favoring. The role of
risk management is therefore to skillfully find a balance between these
components so that the scarce resource is utilized to the optimum for the
completion of the project in time. Too much engagement in protection may lead
to depletion of resource without having time and resource left for research and
construction. Whereas spending too much resource without giving due importance
to protection and research leads to exposure to comets thereby destroying
whatever spent on the construction. Having insurance and research of adequate
level was found to be helpful in protecting against destruction and in rebuilding
the damages. At times, when comets fall one after another rapidly, I found no
other way but to invest heavily on the insurance as there is limited time for
research.

When the game was played for the
first time, no thought could be given to the insurance. Although some
importance was given to the research and protection, progress of construction
was hampered as attention was diverted to comets and protection. After playing
the game more than once, I got the feel of the need of balance of all the
elements of risk management. For example, if a group of comets come almost
together, there is no way that research on individual is possible. Hence, a
good insurance was found to be effective. It was also found that a high level
of protection right from the beginning helps in saving the construction from
the destruction. Nevertheless, a constant monitoring of the resource was found
to be important. As soon as there is enough resource gathered giving due
thoughts to insurance and protection, it was found important to engage in the
construction and upgrading the pods. The main thing I learnt from the game is
to keep vigilant on all the components of risk management and learn to foresee
the risk and thereby make appropriate investment.

The Risk Horizon Game does capture
principles of risk management. However, it does not simulate real time risk we
have on earth. If I am to develop a new version of the game, I would develop
more realistic natural and manmade calamities the world is facing today. Flood,
earthquakes, GLOF or even global warming would simulate the real risks
prevailing in this world. Many poor countries have limited or no resources at
all to cope with such disasters. With limited resources, risk preparation is a
challenge. The problem becomes more complex when substantial number of the
population lives below the poverty line thereby making the governments to make
tough decisions.

 