7697127

What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?Risk management played a very important role in the game. i had to trade off either to develop the community by investing in PODS or view the comet so that knowledge level can be increased which would have helped me in planning the strategy to reduce the damage. i chose the former because developing the community and raising it up ensured that i had the least damage even if i did not know much knowledge about the comet. I tried to take insurance in case i did not have sufficient knowledge about a particular comet. the development of the community was affected directly by preparation. in case i was prepared properly, i was able to save most of the PODS and the amount of damage was greatly reduced.If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?I played the game more than once. when i played the game for the second time, i tried to balance between knowledge, protection and insurance in such a way that i got maximum benefit and the damage was minimized. i tried to gain the knowledge of only those comets which had greater chance of being hit. the main thing which i learn from the game is that there has to be a balance between all the resources available and even when all the things are well in place, there is a possibility that damage can be done because everything is uncertain. but towards the end, it was PREPARATION which helped me.The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?the change that i would propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter would be increase the insurance at lower cost. in the game, the cost of insurance kept on increasing at higher levels. i think insurance is a necessity which everyone should have and even the ones who can't afford, the state or the government should take measures to provide insurance to the uninsured. life is uncertain. so it would be better if some kind of insurance is available to all the people, the rich and the poor alike. this will be the biggest change that i will bring in the game.