7700642

1) Role of risk management is protect and reduce damage of Alora community from comet hitting. Knowledge: Comet  hitting is risk. When start building Alora community,  some saving need to reserve for damage repair, higher protection also required to avoid tendency/ uncertainty comet hit. Protection: When multiple comets come along, more research required, shall you buy insurance or higher insurance have to purchase to reduce money spend on damage repair.  Insurance: While have more money, continuously develop and upgrade pod. So, community knowledge (sharing risk with each other) and better pod can reduce damages. When comet hit, community destroy immediately, it takes time to recover Alora community. After some time, risk seems to have lower impact to development, but we have to cautious on next risk may be arise. Hence, research, protection, insurance, pod upgrade and community development has to be continue.2) Differences compared to 1st time play are:(a) No aggressive development, balance on development and protection needed(b) Saving is important for pod upgrade, insurance purchased and protection level(c) Don't depends heavily on protection only, lets community to share the risk and insurance to reduce money spend on repair pod(d) Choice of insurance purchase or insurance value is heavily dependent on comet severity and hitting chance researches(e) Continuous development can have better and improved community Pointless if just want to avoid risk and stop development. Morals of the game are:We can't avoid risks. We can continuous improved from experiences (risks happened to us). We have to understand the impacts of risk and try to reduce the impacts if we eventually faced the risk by:(a) gaining more knowledge of the risk (b) educating ourselves with this knowledge on how to reduce the losses (c) continuous developing to grow better community and risk can be share acrossAll 3 processes above has to be continue infinitely to gain highest benefit when time move on or until we can have more better ways to eliminate losses.3) Change to make: Choice to move to other space to build another AloraDuring the game, found that although I have good financial. high protection level, high insurance purchased, good community developments, there is still uncertainty when comet hit, all pods need to repair (even though the damage rate is low). The more upgrade pod and more pods you have, more time is needed (and time is a constraint). Possibility to move to other places, give both parties (current Alora,and new Alora) a chance to grow better. Example:Current Alora (from 10 pods to 5 pods) will continuous upgrade on pods, protection and insurance will reduce time of repairing after comet hit. New Alora (from 0 pod to 5 pods), the area may have different risks, but we can learn again how to prevent or reduce losses from this new risks. At least, not all 10 pods from current Alora have to feel homeless after comet hit. Real life: we need to search new opportunity by migrating to other potential area as current area is too concentrated, benefit of each person is generally reduced but risk of each person is generally share across. New area may gain higher benefit of each person.