7714240

Hi
! , Risk horizon game is superb concept to make us understand the risk management
.For me it was like a pilot flying an aircraft with his Artificial horizon
instrument  . Its an instrument used  to inform the pilot of the orientation of the
aircraft relative to Earth's horizon. 

 

Unfortunately artificial
horizons have a bad reputation for reliability within some sections of the
gliding movement. The reasons for this are as follows: 
 

Unreliable instruments.
Poorly designed inverters
Poor glider electrical systems
     and flat batteries
Users who have limited
     understanding about artificial horizon theory, and the functions and
     limitations of fast erect and gyro cageing mechanisms.
Pilots who don't have the
     foggiest idea about instrument flying.
I think this was my way
of thinking but , after reading the welcome line of this game which is –

Welcome
to the world of Alora

Reminds me of  ongoing thrilling World cup 2014  slogan which is  ---

All in one Rhythm  The meaning of Slogan in Portuguese Language is “Juntos num
so ritmo”. It was taken into consideration to unite the football fans together 



So for me Comets of this
game were like a football hit by the opponent team .

And to protect my planet
, I need to use my 3 defenders : Research, 

Protection, and Insurance …

So
power of research option has to just lock or keep track of 

opponents
forward to achieve your team objective of solid 

defence…

With each goal saved , you receive more time to pass the ball to your
teammate to gain advantage and score for your team…so 2nd option of
protection with care is complete….

Finally ,by advantage of passing the ball to your team mate with safe and proper planning
that too using reserve players at proper time makes your plan successful……..hip
hip hurray……

But keep in mind proper
planning has made Brazil to conduct a successful world tournment ,which
has put an end to Brazil’s 

five-year stagnant foreign tourist inflow, from current 5 million
to  48 million until 2014 and 8.95  million in 2018.

In order to support the tourist inflow, the hotel capacity of host
cities 

is expected to expand by 19.5 thousand rooms until 2014.

 

The only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance, which

 Brazil or the 12 cities  has to adopt inorder to cope with cities

 Needs
 or requirements  which are as follows :

  Energy

•Arterial transport (highways, airports etc.)

•Event infrastructure (stadiums,IBC/IMCs, Fan Parks)

• Hospitality system 

•Safety

•Urban planning (public utilityservices, urban operations, 

quality of city streets, public transportation, operations under adverse
conditions)

•Support services (food, taxi, communications, health 

and retail) 

The above list indicates a range between “large” and “small” needs.

In general, these needs can be satisfied by means of “top-down” 

or “bottom-up” public policies or  actions. Each of these categories 

gives rise to various weaknesses and failures, as seen below. 

However, the risks are the same: that such actions and policies 

result in inefficient and costly interventions or fail to meet the 

needs in question.Brazil has a long tradition of vertical town 

planning, where decisions are taken by central governments and spread
out to local organization points. Often there is little local autonomy, little
being,
therefore, subject to the systemic risk of institutional failure that may
impact critical aspects of the event. 

The “small” needs, on the other hand, present difficulties 

of central planning, but can be remedied by private or public 

actions of each host city, as long as autonomy, initiative and 

resources are in place .With a hope to see  a  next world cup with all my fellow classmates of MOOC ,signing off now .........