7718724

Proper risk management is a very prominent factor in winning
the game. There should be a balance between spending to further the research, to
construct protection, and to enter insurance policies. Before anything else, I
purchase the medium coverage insurance policy to ensure that I have a safety
net in case a comet that’s too fast to observe suddenly crash. I also raised my
island to at least three bars to eliminate the risk of being damaged by comets
that would create smaller impacts. To ensure continuous cash inflows, I
developed pods until the bar turns green. This way I know that I can meet the
time constraint. While developing the community, I research and monitor the
comets as soon as they arrive so that if the comet will cause high damage and
has a high chance of hitting I will have enough time to prepare and to create
community connections that boosts my protection. Risk preparation affects the
development by slowing it down at first because resources are allocated to
the risk management. However, effective risk preparation enables the
development to continue without being interrupted or to quickly resume operations
in case disaster strikes.

After playing the game for multiple times, I learned that
risk preparations should be done in proper timing and that the risk should be carefully
studied and researched. Overdoing risk preparations might create constraint on
resources available if too much is spent on insurance or protection. The
development might be put to halt and the cash inflows will be insufficient to
meet the deadline. This was my mistake on my first attempt at the game. I spent
more on safeguarding the pods; hence all I made were outflows of cash since
little was spent on building pods. On my next attempt, I focused more on
researching before I increase my insurance coverage or island level.The
game captures some aspects of risk management however if I could develop a new
version of the game I would add the opportunities that could arise in the
situation. Since comets frequent the skies of Alora, it would probably catch
tourist attraction as long as proper research was done to ensure that the
comets won’t hit the waters. The comets could also be recovered and sold as souvenirs as a trademark of Alora. Also, another thing that can be added is new technology that can make the research, development of the pods, or creating protection faster.