7731284

The game is all about coping up with the risk of destruction of your community due to the waves caused by the falling comets.The game rules are simple. You have to develop a community wherein it can withstand the risk of destruction due to waves caused by the falling comets. You have three abilities that would help you achieve your goal. These are the powers of reseach, protection, and insurance. These abilities are the abilities which you can also use in coping up with the real-life risks. As in the game, we can always use the resources around us to research on the possible/probable impact of the risks we are facing with. The more intensive our researches are, the more we get to be knowlegeable of the risks associatiated with our situation. We can use our knowledge on choosing which steps to take and/or decisions to make.Based on our research, we should be able to protect our selves from the risks we are facing with. During the game, we can use the slider to increase the altitude of our island. We can match our protection with the severity of the impact of the comet. With this, we can minimize or eliminate the probablility of the destruction to our community.We can also choose to obatin an insurance. This will greatly help in minimizing the cost our repairs when the pods are damaged by the impact of the falling comet. The type of insurance should be parallel with the intensity of the risk we are facing. If we think that our community will be more prone to damage, we should obtain the highest insurance.Winning the game is a matter of how we effectively manage our risk. And as discussed, we can effectively manage the risk by using our abilities to research, to protect, to obtain insurance.  On my first attempt, I did not know how to play the game effectively, and I only got to third place. On my second attempt, I was able to apply the rules of the game. And I have effectively managed the risks as discussed above.I think that the game is simple but requires the enough knowlege on risk management to be able to win and minimize the risks associated with it.