7734083

. 

 

Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development

Ibrahim Al Refai

Week two/ Game: Risk horizon 

In this game the four principles of Risk Management were
applied in the game:

1-      Information: Research

2-      Protection: raising the island to stand for the wave hit.

3-      Insurance: buying insurance policy for repairing the damage
after the hit if any.

4-      Coping: repairing the pods and development.

As a start I bought 30% insurance policy for the first level
and I increased the insurance percentage as I am going to higher level because
the asset value has been increased and the wealth increased during playing.

I raised the protection level one bar with the game start
and start watching the comet, raised the protection level based on the severity
of comet. This function is based on severity and percentage of hit.

This game is designed to transfer you from one level to
another one, only and only if you understand how to manage the, protection
based on understanding the comet severity and percentage of hit, your choice to
build pods and develop it on time.

For me I play this game as I am running a project, usually
we start with the insurance policy for the project, studying the project, and
understanding what is the scope of work, what is the dead time, and preparing
the execution plan and keep updating this plan as the project go on and more
information is clear about the project. In case an accident happened the
insurance will cover the losses and help us overcome the problem.

In addition we calculate the critical path so even something
wrong happened we will finish on time.

I played the game many times, each time my experience and
capability to play it is becoming better which is a reflection of the learning
path and in risk management is knowledge and information. Information is gained
and becoming better and better by studying the history and pattern of the old
crises to be prepared for the future.

If I am in charge of the game development I would change the
game control and make it faster to enable the player to concentrate on the
research more, and make him choose the protection level based on the severity
and percentage of hit. So based on more time spent watching the comet, the
player will choose what level of protection he will use by choosing a
percentage. This will really show if the player understand the game better.

 

Regards

Ibrahim Al Refai.

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 