7760894

The role  of  risk management is  how  to  to  reduce the the damage  due to the  impact of  comets without over leveraging on protection and insurance.. Initially  my   choice  was to  focus on protecting  the  structures  more than  anything  and spending heavily on insurance.    However after repeated efforts  to  finish a level, the  fact that  got  highlighted was the importance  of  knowledge of the  inevitable  impending disaster. Seeing that  disaster could not be avoided came the realization and clarity,that first most  important  thing is to understand the  risk. , then  how to reduce the effect of the risk and  lastly  handling  the after  effects The rate at which the  damages  were  repaired  directly affected to the availability of more resources.This is  what  one should look into.Just like  in a simple  case of  spread of a disease.Faster  the recovery rate, faster the people get back to work  and lower the chances of the  country  suffering from  economic crises due to  lower productivity of the  population The cost in terms of insurance and protection  reduced  tremendously the moment  I understood the  point behind the research of the  comets.  Playing this  game over and over again was  a learning experience  and  the biggest lesson being  the trade off  between protection  against risk and preparedness.  It is better to be  prepared than  be over protected, The opportunity  cost  lost is more  when  you are over protected  than you are prepared. As one is more  prepared,  the impact of the disaster  gets lesser. The reason being that  as  development  takes place based on   continuous research of the  comets,  one is able  to  build structures  that  can  withstand the effect and  hence lesser  expenses  in rebuilding. This  saving can be further  put  back into developing structures  which are  stronger. If i was to play  the  game again,  I would  pay more emphasis  to  first  get knowledge on the  impending  disaster, research and then look into  ways to mitigate the disaster. Natural disasters can neither be predicted nor be quantified. Depending on the  geography of the  place, economic and social systems  need to be put in  place  whereby the whole community works together. Knowledge of the topography  and  climate  conditions will help  as well. However one  point  after playing this  game that  comes  to  my  mind  is that knowledge cannot be  applied  if the general  level of  education is low. So  one way of protection is to spend on educating the people.  The  change  I would propose is some sort of warning systems, like a siren, when the comets  are visible. so  the  sense of sound can also  be used.