7764985

39xGKVC

The risk horizon game is a strategy adoption game towards
the need to managing risk effectively due to it repercussion on development.

The role of risk management in the game is to bring to our
notice that disasters are prone to occur and that we should be in a position to
confront the risk since there is a possibility of either losing or gaining.

Confronting the
risk in this
case is by preparing for
risk and coping with its consequences if they occur in order to reduce losses and
pursue opportunities.

By doing so one has to know about the problem, cases and
impacts on the individual firm or state in terms of development in order to be
in the right position to determine the best insurance package for the emerging
risk if necessary.

I think me being the player, I symbolize for example the individual,
firm, or even the state that need to manage the risk. In doing so I need to
have an idea of the risk and finding ways to protect against or cope with it
should the problem occur. And one of the ways in the game is to get insured
against that particular risk. But in other to get better protection, I need to
get the right information to prepare people to act either before, during the
crises and after the crises.

However, critical decisions have to be made in confronting
the risk in terms the knowledge, protection and insurance. For example if you realize
through the knowledge acquired that it wouldn’t be cost-effective in seeking insurance
for a particular risk, you need to forgo that insurance package and prepare for
how to cope for it consequences. Again in cases where you have the idea or
knowledge that the probability of the risk occurring and the cost to the state is
very low and can be managed or controlled afterwards,  it is economically advisable not to go in for
the insurance if the premium will outweigh the cost of the risk on the state.

Preparations for risk affect development either immediately,
or after some time. And for risk management to be effective, people need to
both prepare for risk and cope with its consequences.  Building resilience in the countenance of
adverse trials and achieve affluence through the pursuit of chances need to be
encouraged if not the risk may affect the development of the state.                                                        

What I really learnt from the game is the need to identify, prioritize,
and address the obstacles to risk management since they remain the main
obstacles to effective risk management. And therefore should I play the game
again I will really scale-up going in for insurance since the obstacles will be
highly considered.

Therefore if am asked to develop a new version of the game I
will put in place how to build a strong resilience after the occurrence of the risk.
For example gaining
knowledge about the history of the flood in the game and the current activity of tectonic plates,
obtaining insurance, having robust building structures, enforcing building
codes, and establishing access to early warning systems etc were not
incorporated in the game.

Thank you

 

