7764250

The role of Risk Management
in this game is to obtain the community development, RM is the combination of
tools to face risks, be prepared for them, and coping with their effects. With
resources like Insurances helps to
reduce cost, with the protection and research it is possible to trade-off then
confront terms, knowledge growing
and choices are more open because expertise helps to make decisions. Be
prepared on time for risk affects community
development, due to time is another important factor that influence success and
last but not less important tool is budget.
In conclusion the mix of all resources is the key to achieve the goals.Taking risks is
necessary to go after opportunities for success, but is important to identify
the obstacles, prioritize them and identify the responsibility at different
levels. Oftentimes measures that could be taken to prepare for risk are not
taken, but risk management is effective with combine capacity to prepare in
advance knowledge, obtaining protection, impact of a shock, insurance those of
them should be consider on time for their better approach.



 

I played the game many
times, I spent a lot time in this. I tried to change my strategy every time, at
the beginning I built my community and did not use my resources, after I used
more protection and less research, I tried to use the recommendations of the
forum, finally I tried to balance research, protection, money, time, insurance
and construction but I could not prevent the damages, the comet hit and
destroyed everything just seconds before finish. I learned that the uncertainty
is the worst risk.The game is a real risk management challenge, I consider very
useful however I am not a good game player for obtain a level 5. I feel good
because I learned to analyse, control my temper, review options, try new
strategies, and I feel bad because I could not pass level 4. This is not
discouraging to go to the next challenge. Definitely the game should include more specific
rules, clear and precise instructions of the impact of each resource in the
game and how to use them, such as knowing how long time I will obtain more
money?, What is the relationship between community construction and development?.
Severity was no clear enough, sometimes indicators showed low severity but the
community was damaged. Having specific information could improve player
performance. “The information is power”. There is no tolerance, once you lose
any level everything is over. I suggest the coverage should be considered
before star over again, and set penalties for time extension.  







