7771324

Every
ambitious business wants to know what’s coming next and how to handle it. So
much so, that the practice of horizon scanning is becoming a major strand in
proactive risk management and business continuity. The business should prepare
to face any risk that could affect development of the business. 

Anticipating
and preparing for future challenges, trends, threats and opportunities is 
essential part of any organisation's strategy. The more complex and global your
market, the more you are going to benefit from looking beyond the parameters of
your one-to-three year business plan

Increasingly, public sector organisations operating in the health
and safety arena and businesses in fast-moving markets – from finance to food –
are realising the advantages of the need for the long-term view, served up in
 short term. It’s really the demand for turning information – lots of it –
into intelligence, in both senses of the word. 

The more responsible and lateral-thinking boardroom teams are also
beginning to understand that a proactive horizon scanning policy and approach
can serve the dual purpose of anticipating both risks and opportunities and
giving yourself a decent chance of pre-empting them, converting them or
exploiting them to the full.

In fact, somehow, the future seems to land on our doorstep faster
these days than it ever did before. Many in the futurology world, as it is
known, regard the critical challenge facing all businesses today as being how
we grapple with the future – now. The vista is vast: it includes identifying
future sources of uncertainty and risk, identifying and assessing short-term
market opportunities ahead of the competition and discovering new ideas that
can enhance performance and effectiveness.

Faced with such challenges, organisations are increasingly making
use of systematic, bespoke horizon scanning methods as a means of identifying
future risks, opportunities and improvement ideas.

Nowhere is this more the case than in the food and drink industry,
where opportunities and threats in relation to products that are increasingly
sourced globally can flash around the planet, sometimes in minutes. Obvious
examples are the food scares that can translate into product recalls or mass
consumer alarms about whether to eat foods that contain particular ingredients,
colours or elements deemed or proven to be unethically-traded.

The outputs of daily and weekly horizon scanning programmes –
where a dedicated team build up a regular dossier of intelligence – include
regular reports of emerging issues and can lead to more detailed studies of
particular topics. Each programme is tailored to the specific identified risks
and opportunities in that business’ strategy and product range. 

In our experience in Tanzania,  areas that most food and drink
manufacturers are apt to be concerned about, and around which they might design
a horizon scanning system, will fall mainly under  following headings:

- Trends in public, influencer and media attitudes, anywhere in
the world, towards food-related health and safety risks;
- Scares and shifts in use or application of raw materials, flavours, colours
and ingredients;
- The Tanzania and international political agenda, including major policy
developments by government departments and crusades led by prominent
politicians;
- The East African Union regulatory agenda – and development in the Food 
Drug Administration in Tanzania.
- Socio-economic trends that affect the labour market and questions of ethical
derivation.

Of course, broader horizon scanning can also be used to identify
issues with the potential to present significant novel or changed work-based
risks over the medium to long term (three to ten years) as well as country or
regional risks affecting the fundamental trading security for a global business
operating within  a more perilous regime than its head office location. 