7774754

Risk is defined as the possibility
of losses, whether in material, financial, or human terms. It can bring shock
when not properly managed; thus, hindering progress. The game “Risk Horizon”
shows the importance of risk management in a certain community. The game
teaches basic concepts in risk management.

 

The game is a simulation game, where the player is the “leader” of
the community. Decision-making is vital in the survival and progress of the
community, and the player is the chosen “Luminator of Alora”. In the game, the
progress of the community is depicted as the “levels”. The community progresses whenever it reaches a specific milestone for the next level.  There is only one disaster that needs
to be monitored; that is,comets landing on the astronomic body where the
community is based. There are three abilities that you can use to minimize the
potential damage comets do to your community: Research (Knowledge), Protection, and
Insurance. You must use these abilities
to minimize the damage and maximize the progress of your community in a
specific time limit.

 

Research is obtained by focusing your attention on a comet. This
allows you to have “more time to recover” when the disaster brought by the
comet strikes. I also noticed that the longer you do “Research” on a comet, the
severity and chance of the comet hitting might change, probably to its real
value. Of course, you would not want to focus all your time in “Research” as it
might hinder the progress of your community by eating your time.

 

Protection is obtained by sliding the bar to raise the island up,
holding it until you get a certain height that will match a level of severity a
comet can bring. Greater protection means lesser damage to your community. But
raising the protection of your community takes a lot of time and money, which
will greatly hinder the progress of your community.

 

Insurance is the concept of buying cheaper reparation for your
community as compared to not buying any insurance at all. It also speeds up the
recovery of your community after the comet strikes. There are three insurance
policies offered, and the price depends on the level of the game you are
currently in, that is, it becomes more expensive in higher levels. The insurance policies
are expensive; thus, the need to choose a policy that seems best
for your needs.

 

I played the game several times, and the best level that I can get
is lvl 4. On the first game, I purchased the most expensive insurance and spent
a lot of time increasing protection, while not doing any research at all. The
game ended in lvl 2, as there was not enough time to pursue the progress of my
community. So in the succeeding games, I experimented with Research, buying the
least expensive insurance, and only matching the protection level of my
community with the level of a comet that has a high chance of hitting. I
would go to at least level 4 Research on a comet before doing my next move.
Of course, you need to observe as well how fast a comet might hit your community.

 

As I have said before, the game focuses on one disaster: comets. In
my country, we usually observe the weather (typhoons and monsoon), earthquakes,
and volcanic eruptions. If the game has three or more variables for disasters,
this game will be more realistic. As for the choices, Knowledge (forecasting and coordination), Protection (preventive
response and risk mitigation), and Insurance (assistance and rehabilitation) perfectly fit the
bill. These factors are important in risk management.

 