7779409

In the game "Risk
Horizon", risk management is the key principle of the game in that you
need to identify and plan for risk, mitigate the long-term impact of the risk,
and acknowledge that there is a balance in mitigation of risk while embracing opportunities.
 When looking at how to balance knowledge (aka research), protection and
insurance it was important to recognize that improvements in some areas;
delayed development, had higher financial costs and took different amounts of
time.

Protection was gained
in the game via lifting the entire city – the act of lifting the city reduced
the amount of damage that any impact could cause, however lifting the city
prevented any other activity from taking place while the city was actively
being lifter.  Additionally, an impact
reduced the level to which the city was lifted even when no damage was
registered to buildings.

Insurance was
purchased in the game for various dollar amounts that reduced the cost of
repair by varied amounts (25%, 50% or 75%). 
Though the insurance reduced the cost of repairs, it offered no real
protection from damage from an impact of any size. Additionally the insurance
protection did not persist between levels and in the game was of limited necessity
depending on other risk avoidance strategies that were employed.

Research of the comets
seemed to provide no protection either, however it did provide insight into the
probability and cost of the risk that could be used to determine a calculated risk
– ie the cost in damage x the probability of impact. This gained knowledge
helped to reveal the value of protection and insurance as part of a complete
risk management plan. 
After playing the game several times, I
recognized the value of "protection".  Focusing on avoiding
damage proved to be more valuable than dealing with risk post-hoc via
insurance.  Looking at the balance of knowledge, protection and insurance -
the main thing I learned from the game is that it is necessary to apply an
appropriate amount of resources in all areas while not neglecting the
importance of advancing development and avoiding potential for lost
opportunity.If I were to redesign the game, I would make
investments made in previous levels persist as the game advances - for example
insurance purchased in earlier levels would simply need to be upgraded vs
purchased anew.  Additionally research would be cumulative across all
comets researched as a global research value.