778779

The role of
risk management in the game was that in order to advance to higher levels of
the game you were supposed to strike a balance between the four components of
risk management: knowledge, protection, insurance, and coping. At the first
couple of rounds, I must confess, I did not have a clue of what I was supposed
to do. So, I did not get past level 1 initially. Then I gradually started to
the hang of the game. In all I played the game about 10 times, reaching level 3
a few times and getting very close to level 4 but not quite.

In terms of
knowledge, I monitored the severity of the threat of the comets and their
likelihood of causing damage. If the threat was small, I disregarded them. If
the treat was likely, I raised either the level of protection or purchased a
better insurance, or both of these in order to protect the community. I also
tried to assess the impact of building and developing the community to its
welfare. In the final analysis, I think, part of the reason I did not manage to
get past level 3 was that I disregarded the development of the pods and
concentrated more on protecting and insuring. Because of this I did not have
enough money left to develop the pods. I did get better at this in the end but
not good enough.

So, if I
were to continue to play the game again, I would probably try to concentrate
more on developing the pod community, maybe taking more risks to create
opportunity. Of course this should not come at the expense of paying close
attention to gaining knowledge of threats and taking measures to protect and
insure. One thing I learned playing the game is how difficult it is to strike a
proper balance between the various components of risk management, so as to
provide opportunities while guarding against risks at the same time.

It is hard
to say how to develop the game. I think the game captures many aspects of risk
management very well. One thing could be to create more sources of threat
besides the comets and alsomore means to protect the community. But maybe the game
would become too complex if more components were added. To me the hardest part
at first was that I did not realize what to do. So maybe better instructions
could be provided. And the music started to get on my nerves after a couple of
rounds. But overall I liked the game and think I learned something about risk
management too.