7787685


















1)    In the game, the role of
risk management was to enable development of Alora, by protecting it from
being severely damaged by meteors hitting it. 
In the game, risk management turned out to be a powerful instrument in
the development of Alora. The various factors of risk management that emerged
during the game, were 

·      
Knowledge – this was derived from
extensive research about the meteors, their severity, chance of hit 

·      
Protection – the knowledge of meteors
enabled decision on the level of protection. 


·      
Insurance – depending on the type of
meteor and the damage it would cause, the value of insurance was determined to
minimize the fund that would be required to recover from the damage 

·      
Funds/
Resources –
funds are scarce and their usage for development vs. risk management is a
difficult balance. 

·      
Communities – linking up communities as
back up protection is a low cost and effective method 

The
choice and trade offs I made in terms of Knowledge, Protection and
Insurance were as follows.  The biggest trade
off was of utilizing funds for developing the country against upfront
investment for risk management. 

·      
Knowledge – the information on each
meteor for severity, chance of hit, research, insurance and risk helped me to
determine whether to provide for the impending risk or continue developing

·      
Protection – the level of protection
depended upon the characteristics of the meteor 

·      
Insurance – the meteor provided the insurance
it carried, this helped me choose the level of insurance I wanted to take or to
fund damage recovery . 

 

The preparation of risks
had its effect on development - at times it was important to prepare for the
risk, since some meteors hitting the country was imminent. It was important to determine
the protection required against these disasters. As post the damage funds would
be required to repair the damage. The lower the protection built, the higher
the cost of damage control. It was prudent to prepare for risks upfront by
investing in research. Once the characteristics of risk were known the
protection level was determined. Protection involved funding, which would
otherwise have been spent for the development of the country. The balance
between managing risk and development was a delicate balance. 

 

During the game it was very clear that research, protection and
linking of communities, were the most instruments for risk management. Once
these were managed well the Illuminator continued to develop the country. 

 

2)    I played the game more than
once, what I did differently and learn from it was:

·      
Researched the
meteors for
longer time before increasing protection or purchasing insurance. This enabled
me to decide on investment in protection 

·      
Spend money on
development
of more pods than focusing on developing two pods to their fullest potential,
this way I was able to meet my milestones on development faster and utilize
funds efficiently to develop the country further

·      
 Connecting communities
after the hit, reduced the damage or sometimes “no damage” this helped me save
funds in damage repair instead of investment in development 

·       Insurance – I realized if I researched and protected before a
meteor hit, and connected communities post the hit, I need not purchase
insurance and instead invest in development 

3)  If I were to
change or add any one thing, I would people in the city and how training them
to handle a disaster would enable recovery of life and reduce the damage. The
cost of revering from the damage would depend upon how trained and prepared are
the people to handle disaster and reduce impact to life. 



