7795049

Question 1: What was the role of risk management in the
game? 

To win the game, I need to
develop the community by developing and upgrading Pods. While developing my community,
I needed to pay attention to the falling comets that may cause damages to my
developing pods, and thus hinder my whole development.

So the game is a simple representation
of a community development and managing risks.

 There is a match between
Risk Management as defined in the course and the game elements, so for Risk
Preparation elements including (Knowledge, Protection, and Insurance) we can
see that Comet Research represents the Knowledge, Community protection by the
slider on the right represents Protection, and purchasing insurance represents
Insurance. As for Risk Coping we can see that Pod fixing represents “Recover
from losses”.

 While playing the game, a
Cost Benefit Analysis or at least a comparison and trading-off should always be
done to balance between the three Protection elements on one side and
Development efforts and Coping (damage repairing) on the other side:

1-     
Spending
more time on research gives me time to make community connections and reduces
the damages if the shock happened, however Development freezes during researching,
and the time allocated for development decreases.

2-     
 Increasing the level of protection reduces my
budget and freezes my development, but of course it protects my community
against potential risks.

3-     
Purchasing
insurance reduces my development budget, but protects my community for a certain
degree by providing me with funds to repair after the shock. 

 

Question 2: If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? 

After my first time, I
spent more time on research (Knowledge), and started increasing the Protection
when the severity of the comets is high even if the probability of its occurrence
is low. 

The main thing that I
learnt after several losses is that we need to make a trade-off between the
different Risk preparation elements for example whether to spend money on
protection or just relying on insurance. 

I also learnt that you
might succeed in managing risks but fail to complete your development plans, so
there needs to be a balance between development and risk management.

 

Question 3: Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, What change would you propose to better represent the risk
management choices that matter in the place you live?

If I were to develop a new
version, I will add the “Obstacles” concept as it was introduced in the course.

For example I will add a “Central
Bank” that controls the budget and the player should make requests to have more
budgets for development, however, the bank will not release budgets unless
there is a public pressure, so I will also create “Demonstrations” where the
community people will demonstrate at the bank so that the bank releases more money,
and of course Obstacles, and Demonstrations will freeze the development (As it
happens on reality).

