7800040

                                        MY REFLECTIONS FROM THE RISK HORIZON GAMERisk management played a vital role in the game in that to
wine and go to the next level of the game; you had to bear in mind that you are
dealing with a very serious situation that if not properly managed, could lead
to the collapse of the whole system (you being won). For example, if you were
not steady and knew what risk management was all about, you could focus just on
protecting your pods while neglecting the importance of insurance and research.
This will cost you greatly once you in-cure any damage. Having insurance and a
little bit of protection goes a long way to help in risk management. For
example, even if your pods were damaged, the damage was less if you were
protected, thus easily repaired.

I had to make lots of choices in order to manage risks.
Resources was always limited and with this knowledge,  I had to keep searching for incoming comets,
keep raising my protection level and buying 
insurance to cover damages caused on my communities (pods). Therefore, I
had to trade-off the resources I had for knowledge, protection and insurance.

Preparation for risk management can positively affect
development, e.g., make community connection before a disaster, and spend more
time on research, especially for severe comets or issues that have plagued the
community in the past. The more research, the more time one will have to
prepare.  Research shows that with the
current technology, we can lift an entire community up and out of flood’s
paths. This can be done for example by; putting houses on stilts, lay down
sandbags or build dams to protect homes from flood. Thus preparation for risk
can affect development immediately or after some time as was seen in the game.

An important aspect of the game was the point that everything
we do has some cost, either in time or resources, and such is the way of the
world where nothing comes easy. Some forms of shocks include; floods, famine,
drought, economic collapse   or a small
household shock like losing a job. When a shock is imminent, it might be too
late to protect or buy insurance. Therefore, community connection is very
important. However, diminishing returns are a fact of life here. Protecting the
community is useful, but can get expensive, for the higher the community rises,
the more expensive it becomes to raise it further.

It was observed from the game that community protection is a
type of insurance, in that when a disaster strikes, we help each other survive
by sharing resources Thus, forming and sustaining connections is valuable.

I played the game more than once. What made me go through
the next levels was the point that I applied all the risk management tools
learned from the course. Initially, I was not seeing the importance or using
research, protection and insurance all together. I finally discovered that I
could not do without insurance and paid highly for damages I incurred without
insurance.

If I were to revise the game, I would have added a section
for community harmony, where people will not only work as individuals, but will
work together, knowing that failure for example, by a single person to pay
insurance for his property can go a long way to affect the entire community.

 

 

