7803474

The game reflected the importance of realizing the risk prevalent in the society and if effective measures and preparation are done in time, then risk can be averted sometimes into opportunities thereby making risk management essential for us. To tap the best of risk management, the community collectively can help to lessen the burden of the damages, as seen in the game itself.it brings out the habit of a person to just postpone his preparation of risk just because the amount of risk was not that big. one important point was that risk management cannot be forced upon someone, it has to happen voluntarily. To be active thoroughly and present to help at the time of risk management is a required factor taught by the game. this game provided measures to avoid risks  told that these risks can be prevented only when all 3 are equally and together used. I personally played the game with a combination of insurance which gave my land protection from further damages  research which not only enhanced the knowledge but lead to lesser severity of hits by comets. This combo not only led to development of the surroundings but also reminded me to upgrade the resources to stand well in the upcoming dangers. It cannot be ignored that at times, risk management takes time and development commences after a short while after the preparation.I had started building my community with all possibilities and taken measures to protect my place, but the results were fruitful in only the later stages(level 5-6).this game highlighted the essentials of having a  stable environment and how  technological advancement is an important call for any nation to compete with the others. I have played the game more than once  each time, i got better than the earlier ones. I changed my method of playing after the first and second time. In the beginning i was only putting my attention on using protection by alerting the villagers and not focusing on insurance and research respectively. Then only I understood that to cope with the risks and to build a safe community, efforts need to be put towards gaining knowledge about the comets that were about to hit the place bundled with an affordable package of insurance. So that when a severe comet hits, the time spent for research helps me get aid from communities nearby leading to collective risk management. “Each hand helps!” a lesson well learnt."Intelligence, information and insurance” these 3 I’s are the key factors to get hold of this challenging game. If I would have the option and opportunity to change one thing about the game, I would personally add some risk management equipment and some natural disasters like earthquake, floods to make everyone use to and familiar with the ones that are actually used and tackled in risk management. One such feature I will like to add to this would be the citizens and their growth or death totally dependent on how well the risk is managed. This way, people get known to the importance of risk management whether the risk starts from a small zones or it is prevalent in massive amount. For effective risk management ,the gist isCommunity should be together in thick and thins.Each and every option should be carefully examined, known and used. whether combination of 3 I's or amount of resources that can be used.Risks whether small or big should not be underestimated. Preparations should be taken at the early stage when once the probability of further risk is hinted on.Up gradation and infrastructural facilities should be properly provided.