7812568

Role of Risk Management in the
game was to show that as a community develops, it is necessary to consider risk
or shocks that could possibly impact it and the action needed to mitigate
against same. The game highlighted how with adequate preparation which is a
combination of research, protection and insurance there could be a reduction or
no damage to property and community. 

I am not a games person, so it
took me sometime to understand how the research information on the comet could
assist in ensuring that I have sufficient insurance and protection. After understanding
of the research and how to apply it to protect the development works , then the
tradeoff was how fast to develop, all properties at one time or enhance some
first before building other. At the same time giving consideration to insurance
coverage in case there was a hit that the community will cope after the event
and will show resilience. Realising that after a hit, some consideration and
funds will have to be spent on rebuilding before further works could be
considered on other properties. In addition the fact that broad base and
collective action of the community also assisted in reducing the impact of the
hit and the recovery. In a nutshell the game utilised the research information to
give probability and impact severity information as per risk matrix in real
life scenario and the expert judgement that is needed to be made on protection
and insurance to reduce damage to property and development of community as a
whole.  

The idea of utilising animation
to demonstrate hazard, probability and impact and that some action needs to be
taken or community will suffer is an excellent one. However for persons who are
not into games it was a bit frustrating. The clue when you lost a level were
not clear and should include hints or scenarios that would take you out of the
situation. The element of uncertainty of how the comets will behaviour could
also been included to show that this must be dealt with as part of risk
management. In addition the role of the individual, community and the state
should have been included in demonstrating the recovery or the repair of the
property and community. 

The main things that were reinforced
by the game are:

·        
Action is based on knowledge at hand

·        
Preparation is being able to interpret the
information about the hazard and take appropriate action

·        
Preparation includes adequate protection and
insurance

·        
Coping is dependent on adequacy of preparation
and involvement of community.