7816613

The game is a very simplistic reflection on risk management and shows that there are several issues related to a situation. It shows that you have to make choices, indeed, and I found myself more focussing on the protection and not so much on the insurance and knowledge. It was interesting that on the higher levels however, also the insurance became necessary because there were more and more higher risks of getting hit. I was mostly assured by the effect that protection has: it is an investment that you do in the beginning with a long term effect that is relevant also for future risks. The knowledge is only relevant for that particular risk and therefore less efficient. The insuarnce again is long term although its coverage changes depending on the development of the locality.
The first time I played, I did not know what the research did to the possibility of reducing the effect of a hit, so that helped the second time. I also improved on building faster because without that the level can not be concluded. It became quite easy to reach the higher levels once I found out what the best strategy was. 
I think it is a bit too simple. I would rather keep level one as it is but instead of increasing the number of comets in the higher level, I would prefer to increase the complexity, for example by forcing to make more choices based on the costs (there was not much limit in spending in the game that I played) and considering relocation or different types of protection. Another type of risk could also be interesting to have to deal with because often places have multiple issues and have different ways to protect against them. 
In the place I live, protection and preparation would be the main actions to migitate. Preparation in order to cope better is not part of the game, but would also  be relevant. Lastly, social, political, cultural factors are not taken into account. 
Altogether, I think the game gives a nice impression but it is too much simplified which makes it look too easy. It is like other computer games, I guess, that do not reflect the reality.