7823652

1. What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did
you make and what trade-offs did you

confront in terms of knowledge, protection and insurance? In what ways
did preparation for risk affect

development (immediately, or after some time)?

The role of risk management was essential for the survival of the
community and for success in the game.

Although I invested in all three risk management tools, my primary focus
was on research. By monitoring the

comets I was constantly informed about what was going on in space and
able to prepare for their impact. I also

gathered precious time to reduce these impacts. Secondly I invested in
lifting up the community, whenever I had

fully researched an incoming, highly severe comet in order to reduce its
damage further. By buying only the

cheapest insurance, I neglected a little bit this option, so the
tradeoff for me was between prevention/protection

and insurance/repairing. I prefer avoiding damage in the first place and
not to deal with its aftermaths. By doing

so I was able to develop my community quite fast, because research was
reducing my cash-flow not too much,

although constantly, similar to protection, which didn’t reduce my stock
of cash immediately as well.

2. If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if
you were to play it again? Alternatively,

if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after
the first time? What were the main

things you learned from the game?

I played the game more than once and in the beginning I neglected the
research part. I just checked the severity

and probability of the comets, so I didn’t had too much time for
building up connections between the pods of my

community. The main thing I learned was that it is essential to be fully
aware and prepared. I did quite well till

level 4: I had upgraded all my pods to level 3, some of them even to
level 4, was 50% protected, and had a lot of

cash even after I bought the maximum insurance for the first time, but
then a highly severe comet was

approaching so fast, that even with all of my precautions, the community
was damaged too much, so that I

couldn’t reach level 6 and lost the game. I learned that doing well
quite a bit can lead to a false sense of security,

which can lead to extinction.

3. The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk
management. Imagine you are tasked with

developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add
one simple thing. What change

would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

I live in Austria in the middle of the Alps, so every year in winter we
are confronted with the risk of avalanches.

Avalanches get studied very well; some of them are triggered by experts
on purpose in a controlled environment

in order to keep them small. Barriers also have been built in order to
protect villages and ski resorts. There are

many reasons, why avalanches are triggered. Often it’s because of
careless people, who are skiing outside of the

official slopes, so I would add another option to the game: education.
Educating the people of the community

about the risk of avalanches and how they are triggered, reduces also
the risk of avalanches killing people and

destroying houses.

