7823741

GAME REFLEXION

1) The game highlights what we learned from Risk management
course. In the game, the purpose is to implement development projects
(constructing pods and upgrade them to generate wealth). As any project we
need financial means or project investment funds to start (in the game it is the
wealth pool). You don’t have enough money or  means to start; you develop
projects (pods construction) and upgrade them to generate money. That money
would be used to build more pods (more development). But the projects face
risks (comets) that are a potential threat for the development. We can invest
on risks assessment, risks analysis and risks identification (comets meter in
the game) but we need more money for that investment that enable us to predict
the shock (comet hit), to mitigate the risk, to subscribe insurance to repair
the damages caused by the comets shock (pods repairs), to protect the village
against the risks consequences (waves and floods). While implementing
development project, a timeframe and targets should be set. Because in risk
management time is a very important factor. 
In the game there is a development meter that indicates whether the
project follows the timeframe scheduled. Time is money. We can cope the risk by
investing in protection (in the game, protection is raising the village and
protecting against the comets hits consequences). While playing the game I made some choices to minimize or cope the risks (comets hits and consequences). First of all, the game is timed so the player has to take in account the time. In term of knowledge, it takes time and money to identify and assess the risks (meter predicting the severity of the hit of the comet, etc.), so you should not spend all the time checking that meter. The protection of the village is very important because the player cannot eliminate all the comets hits. The raise of the village as protection also consumes money and time. Priority should be given to the pods upgrade and building. We cannot rely 100% on the protection provided and that is the reason that the player should invest in insurance to repair the damages after potential comets hits. But insurance should part of the risk management and requires money. Protection for risk affects development because it costs money and can affect the rate or slow down the development2) I learned many interesting tips from the game. The priority is to move from one level to a higher level, respecting the time and the goals. Comets are already there, and could not stop: we cannot eliminate all the risks. So when playing , I was more focused on the development of the pods than the protection of the village. What I learned from the game is the fact that communities need to have more assets  and/or more finance savings to prepare against risks shocks by investing in the protection and insurance.3) If I was tasked to develop a new version of the game, I would have introduced a bank in addition to the wealth pool in order to allow some loans with interests  in order to boost the development and invest in protection and insurance. It better represents the risk management choices that matter in my country. Due to the poverty and the less incomes, people cannot get access to the loans to finance their development and minimize, reduce, eliminate the risks. Coping risks shocks is always what people are doing.

 