7824022

The
Code of the game was: kxtuYckThe role of risk management was clearly to balance between investing in building pods, obtaining insurance and investing in research. Therefore, one had to evaluate the given information at every stage of the game and draw conclusions for the future behavior regarding the previously mentioned choices of actions.
Unfortunately, I am taking this course from Hanoi, Vietnam where the internet connection is not very good and I don´t have access to a proper computer or laptop. I played the game with my five year old netbook, since this is the only item I have with me to check the internet while travelling. Therefore, crises hit me way worse, since I could never make use of the “community option” by connecting the illuminating pods in case of a hit (the internet was too slow to actually connect the spots) or see the comets in advance, since the screen of my netbook is too small for showing the entire set up. 
Being prepared for risk clearly reduces the negative consequences of a hit, by being able to purchase more insurance, invest in research or saving money to pay for the damage. I played the games several times, since the internet died the first times and I wasn´t able to write down any of the codes given after finishing or losing a game. After each round I got more risk-averse, since the negative consequences of a hit clearly affected me in the long-run. It was strange to observe that a negative event “traumatized” my behavior and influenced the evaluation of given information for several future rounds. I certainly learned that it is important not to make fearful and emotionally motivated decisions or get in panic although a “natural disaster” is approaching, but to stay calm and rationally assess the information. It is very important to still stay open for taking risks although one experienced losses when taking risks in the past.
If I were to add or change one aspect of the game, I would put stronger emphasis on the community insurance aspect, since often in real life only one individual and not the entire community is affected. Thus, I would add a second type of crises that can affect only one neighbor or only yourself. Further, I would introduce a “community fund” to which one could contribute and depending on how much one contributed to the fund for others determines how much money one gets from the fund if only oneself is affected by a crisis.