7824803

The role of
risk management in the game was to decide how to use resources in order to
protect the community of the impacts of comets and makes it grow in a good rhythm.
In fact, there was as in real life, despite the comet and the imaginary planet
(you have limited resources and you have to use them to protect yourself and
gain new resources by growing and working) almost you had to be very quick to
make the connections when the shock tokes place to reduce the effects of the
disaster. In terms of knowledge, I had to make a research after the disaster to
decide if incent more the protection or the development to reach the goal,
depending on the probability and the importance of damage predicted. In
protection terms, it was only on your hands to provide your community of a
certain elevation to reduce the damages of waves and, when the risk becomes true,
make the social connections to protect your citizens. You also had the possibility
to pay a insurance that makes it cheaper to recover after the disaster, that
was really important because it means minus time to recover the right level of development.
By the game I also learned that the preparation for the risk slows down the
development at short term, but at least, it’s better because then your growing
is regular and the disasters don’t makes you fall back.

I played
the game three times, and the only change I did was to develop my society and
protect it proportionally and in a sensitive way by taking on mind the
predictions of the disaster and being realistic. Make this was the way to reach
the end of the game.

If I had to
change something on the game, it probably would be the importance of knowledge,
you have the solution very clear: you have to elevate the city to protect it of
the waves. But it would be better to have different possibilities to analyze
what is the best solution for development and for coping the disaster.

The main
things I learned from the game was that the uncertain is really important, you
don’t know if the comet is going to impact to the planet or not, but you have
to prepare yourself for it. Another important concept I took from the game was
the importance of have a good insurance, to recover before the disaster.
Finally, I learned too that coping is quite necessary and create social
connections makes easier to manage the effects of a risk, on these case, the
impact of a meteor and the waves that it produce.

To conclude,
this game showed me the role of risk managing, the importance of knowledge,
protection, insurance and the coping actions (make social connections). I also
learned that preparation slows down progress, but it is necessary to keep the
development reached.PD: Probably it would be some ortographic mistakes, I'm so sorry, I'm not an english speaker.