7832893

Task for Week #2 – Martin Stavenhagen 

In the game, one could decide to spend the
resources one gained from the pods in four different ways. 

1.    
Growth – Invest in building more
pods and/or upgrading old ones (i.e. investing in ’economic growth’) 

2.    
Insurance – Buying one of three
levels of insurance for the case of a comet hit

3.    
Knowledge/Research –
Investigating comets as they are approaching the world of Aurora

4.    
Protection – Investing in better
levels of protection 

Each one of these actions takes time and
resources, and it is not possible to do all four actions at once. Thus, the
choice for either action always includes the opportunity cost of not doing any
of the other three actions at that given time and with the given resources. However,
each action did help in case of natural (comet) disaster. 

1.    
Growth – gave a generally higher
level of development, thus building society (pods) back up from a higher level
after destruction. (However, while this action is one of the most important, it
only works together with one of the others.) 

2.    
Insurance – reduces the economic
cost of any disaster, thus rebuilding from higher level of development. 

3.    
Knowledge – gives more time for
’disaster management’, i.e. first response, thus reducing the (economic and
other) cost from the comet hit. 

4.    
Protection – reduces impact from
natural disaster before it happens. 

 

I played the game dozens of times, however, I
unfortunately always lost at the latest in level four. For me, it seems while I
had excellent insurance as well as reasonable protection and knowledge (the more
knowledge the higher both impact and probability for the potential comet hit),
I missed the economic development goals over and over again. I don’t know if
the levels of protection were generally too low, or if I used too much time on
protection and not enough resources on developing the pods. Anyway, I was quite
frustrated not to be able to ’grow’ and develop (pods) quicker. 

 

Within the game, I would have liked to know
how much (in quantifiable terms) protection helped me to reduce the cost of
disaster (since protection cost me a lot of (time), and how much knowledge and resulting
disaster management made a difference. Only for insurance, it was easy to see
how much I spent on it and how much cost I averted, thus, if my insurance had been
’worth it’. It would be nice to be able to assess how much time and resources
invested in protection and knowledge/research pay of in the case of disaster as
well. 