7833164

My reflections for
the Risk Horizon Game:

The purpose of risk management is
to enable the progress of an individual or an organization towards its goals
 objectives in a direct, efficient and effective path. It is used by
organizations as well as individuals to manage activities whose outcomes cannot
be forecasted exactly  precisely, i.e. Risk Management consists of methods
which are taken to reduce the risk of damage to physical assets, exposure to
legal liability, or injury to employees or customers etc. In the Risk Horizon Game, our job
was to develop the community of the fictitious place of Alora by working as its
luminator to the best of our ability which is predominantly exposed to the risk
of falling comets of varying severity  frequency. In essence, this included
analyzing the severity  frequency of the risk of falling comets 
protecting the community with the help of three luminator  powers: Research, Protection  Insurance.
For Risk Management to be truly effective in such a scenario, it needs to
combine capacity to prepare in advance with the ability to cope afterwards. Preparation
includes knowledge, getting information on risk (falling of comets), and then
using that information to make judgements, obtaining protection (like
increasing the level of land by using the toggle switch or by making upgrades to
the pod), measures to influence both the impact of probability or shock, or
obtaining insurance, measures to transfer resources from good to bad times or
to those in need of bad times (pods destructed due to falling comets).As all shocks cannot be prevented,
so people living in the pods need to be able to cope with it afterwards. This
could include updating knowledge, and then using whatever other protection and
insurance arrangements are in place. It was also seen by me during the course
of gameplay that the benefits of paying in advance (by way of insurance etc.)
for preparation against any risk exceed the cost of paying damages afterwards,
often multiple times. The initial results might be inconclusive as we had to
pay for repairs to the extent of damage to the pods as a result of falling of
comets but both protection, initially by way of making upgrades to the pods or raising the level of land as
well as resorting to protection vide insurance resulted in low impact of
overall risk being felt.The main objective of this game
 of the preceding week's overview was to let us know about various facets of the process of risk management: creation
of risk possibilities, risk classification, category of risk – pure or speculative , as well as risk attitudes which can be of the
following types – risk neutral, risk preferer or risk averter. We also learnt
about the cost of risk which could be either direct or indirect, cost of
handling risk as well as cost imposed by risk which depends upon following
variables – risk control measures, uninsured losses  insurance.Finally, if I’m tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows me to change or add one
simple thing in the gameplay, then that would be is to make a provision so that people
who have the right incentives  the right information and who are living in
the pods in the fictitious place of Arola, are allowed to relocate to
another place in the event of disaster like falling of comets. Also apart from
falling comets, I would have made further provisions to include more risks under the ambit of the gameplay.  

Thank You.