7834508

1)     
Risk management was important in order to reduce
the loss/damages caused by the comets. There is a clear link between knowledge
of the comets, level of protection put in place and insurance. The more we get
information on the comets (level of severity, chance of hitting), the more we are
able to decide to increase our level of protection and insurance when needed or
go on growing our community. 

Given that certain
limited financial resources are available, it’s important to balance between
growing the community and preparing for these potential shocks. The preparation
for risk affected development immediately in the way you have to “divert” some
money that was supposed to be use in development. On the other side, after some
time, after the shock, if some money was spent in advance on risk management
and the risk has been effectively mitigated, the minor loss / damages can leave
available resources for recover faster from the damages and go back with the
growth.

 

2)     
From the game I’ve learnt that at the beginning
the community will be smaller and develop more or less at the same way, from the basic houses to the more advanced. Proper
risk management is possible after a certain level of growth, at the very beginning the financial resoureces are focused on developing the community. At an earlyy stage anyway lower risk management activities, which are not the best optimal,
can help in lessen the damages. 

Secondly it’s
important to conduct proper research in order to better understand whether the
comets is a real risk or not. For example at the beggining the threat could be preceived as severe, but after careful analysis of data it comes out the severity of a shock is lower.Third also concentrating the attention only on protection and insurance is not a good path, because it reduces the growth of the communith

 3)      
The game doesn't capture the different behaviour of the people. I's not given that all people and the other actors want to partecipate (also financially) to the protection and insurance scheme. The game doesn't also take into account external factors to the communicty example support/incentives coming from the state.

