7834159

  When I first played the game, I lost at level One because my power
did not reach the standard. Then I realized enhancing protection would reduce
the rate of power growth, which was an opportunity cost and I should balance between
the profits( the increase in power) and the cost( the loss due to hit). So in
my second attempt, I tried to buy more insurance instead of pushing up the
level of protection to a very high level. As soon as the light turned blue, I
stopped pressing the slider to buy more pods. And there were comets, too and
the power lost due to their collision with the land was the risk of this game. So
here comes the risk management: I have to confront the fact that soon or later,
there will be comets hit my land and I need to prepare for the collision( like
buying as much insurance as I can or increase the level of protection) and try
to minimize the loss. In account of the power growth, my principle was like
this: if the possibility to hit was below three notches, I would research it
until the level prevailed over the possibility. However, if the serenity of the
hit was far below my level of protection( like one or two notches), while the
chance of hit was really high, I would just ignore it since researching it
would be ineffective as well as time-consuming. And at the same time, I
developed as many pods as I could because it accelerated the rise in power.

This is a game full
of opportunity cost and I suggest the time should last longer( maybe just an
extra ten seconds for each level) because for three times at level Three, I
lost but my power was almost reaching the standard line. I know it may probably
have nothing to do with risk management theory, but at least you can have more
time to think what to do next and give you confidence. In addition, I think it
would be better if the research can reduce the serenity because the only way to
prevent power loss in this game was to raise the level of protection (or maybe
the community connections also help), which is not enough. When I was playing
it for the third time at Level One, a comet showed up with full notches of
serenity just after I started game about 30 seconds. By then my protection
could not reach such a high level in such a short time and the only thing I
could do was to buy the insurance of 75% coverage. Though it was the first time
I encounter this situation, I think it’s better if we can have multiple ways to
cope with this risk.