7836033

First, I
have learnt we in a very uncertain context, which means we cannot be 100% sure
how and when a risk will appear, that’s why me and my community have to be prepared
for shocks and opportunities that might arise.  Keeping in mind this uncertainty, we also have
to remember that we have limited resources and everything comes with cost of
time and money, so we need to organize both time and money wisely if we want to
reduce our vulnerability to negative shocks and increase our resilience. Risk
management made me spend my resources immediately and it was not until the game
advanced that I could see the potential benefits of it.

Through
extensive research we can reduce that uncertainty. When I did this research I
also had to prioritize among the different potential risk that we might face, I
decided which one would come first by observing its severity and how likely
that risk was to affect my community, but always keeping an eye in all the
others risk that might appear.

While I was
doing research I was also protecting my pods by improving them constantly, even
though there was not real threat of a shock, but these peace times are good for
being preventive and improve our communities. Improving my pods brought higher
benefits for my community. 

When
starting, I had very low resources but I still decided to pay for an insurance
that would cover up part of the cost in case of a negative shock affecting my
community. Once thanks to my risk management generated positive benefits in
terms of money and time I decided to upgrade my insurances up to 50% and later
up to 75%.

But even
though with all these actions to prevent shocks and reduce their negative
effects, we live in an uncertain context and we will be affected by these
shocks. When I was affected, sometimes the costs were none because I had a good
risk management and the shock was not very severe but other times I had cope by
repairing those pods, improving insurances and very importantly, by community
connection which helps my long term protection.

 

It has a
very practical and educational game but it would be good to play a more
realistic game, with real building in a developing context, with real and
different shocks so it would help people to immerse properly in such a
situation.