7846894

The aim of the game “Risk Horizon” was to teach us how and
why risk management is important for development and I believe that it has been
successful in doing so. I have studied in the past two weeks that risk
management can build the capacity to reduce losses and improve the benefits that
people experience while conducting their lives and pursuing development opportunities.
Its application in this game cleared risk management concepts for me. 

The purpose of this game is to balance risk preparation and
healthy development. Alora is prone to comet strikes and our purpose in this
game is to develop Alora and at the same time prepare for these strikes. Various
tools like research, insurance and protection help in achieving this. But there
are various choices that I had to face while playing this game. I had to decide
how much money to spend on building and upgrading pods and how money and time
to spend on insurance, protection and researching the probability and severity
of the comet strike. There were many tradeoffs which I had to consider. If I
spend too much time and money in building and developing pods, I could lose out
on researching the severity and probability of a comet strike. Also, I wouldn’t
have enough money to repair my damaged pods thereby reducing my development.
Also, if I invest too much in protection of Alora, my development meter would
remain stagnant and I would lose money to build and develop a pod which, in
fact, increases the rate at which my development meter rises.  

I played the game quite a lot of times. I would cross level
one and two in every game but would lose in the third. After many tries I
realised that I had been wasting too much money on insurance and protecting
Alora that I was left with nothing to build, develop and repair my pods. This
kept hampering my development. Also, I wasn’t spending enough time in
researching the comets. So I decided that I need to first start building and
upgrading my pods in the early levels as the comet strikes aren’t very frequent.
Also, if I would build and upgrade my pods early in the game, I would have a
lot of wealth (growth) generated from them. With more money in hand, I focussed
on investing in the protection of Alora. Since, I had a head start in almost
every level ( because of good growth due to upgradation of all my pods) I
utilised my time in researching the comets. I spent relatively more of my time
in upgrading my pods and generating research than protection, not that I
completely ignored it. After a few tries, I reached level 5.

I think this is a simple yet informative game. I enjoyed
playing the game. It made me question my earlier failed strategies and work on
an even better strategy.