7847107

Risk Horizon game code YLN96hs /jyWXc4T

The purpose of the game was to
develop Alora. Alora is always vulnerable to be hitted by comets. There are
three resources given to develop and protect Alora from shocks that can be
created by falling of comets. These are knowledge (research), protection, and
insurance. The more the village is developed, the less Alora is vulnerable to
comets damage. I have learnt that protecting the village/communities with
knowledge of the context and upcoming incidents is essential to mitigate risks.
The village which is well protected based on the right information will have a
small chance of damage or shock to occur in the area. Also saving some money or
investing on insurance is the second way of maintaining the communities to
recover from the shock easily. But if we invest a lot on insurance but less on
protection, the damage will be devastating and the loss will be huge which cannot
be rehabilitated or recovered by insurance. 

In the beginning, I did not buy
insurance instead I focused on protection part. Also I did not give much attention
on the knowledge part. The lessons that I learnt from the game is to give high
priority for protection. Knowledge is also important but if the probability of
the comets hitting Alora is small, it is good to focus on protection and
upgrade the protection. Also insurance is important to earn money or back up to
recover easily when some damage occurs. 

Risk horizon game reminded me the
game called plants versus zombies. In that game you have to plant trees to get
points and more power to fight against zombies. 
When you pass each level, you will get the chance to receive and choose
stronger fighters to fight against zombies. For this game, I would add more
options to develop Alora. The first step or round can be as it is now but once
you pass the first step, there should be more options to develop Alora. For
example the first round is developing the infrastructure, but the second round should
be developing health system, and the third round can be developing
communication system. So it can make the game interesting by adding different
activities.  