7849852

(Q1)       The
role of risk management in the game was related with the decisions concerning
the balance between Risk preparation and Developing your community. In this
frame one had to choose where to spend the valuable limited quantities of money
yet all possible choices were related to risk management. The available money was
allocated between:

Research: Knowledge about hazards
(comets)Protection: Decline the impact of a
catastrophic event Insurance: Mitigation of the
consequencesDevelopment: Increase your
productivity and growth







During the game I spent a great amount of money in research and
protection and a small amount for insurances. I made that choice because of two
reasons. The first reason was that protection and research were more efficient
and cheaper when a comet hit, giving more time to overcome the catastrophic
event ,without spending a great amount of money and with a small impact on
development in the long term. The second reason was related with the fact that
insurance was very expensive and after a catastrophic event the development was
notably affected either in the long term or in the short.

All the above mentioned depict that the most crucial policy-making
decision, about preparation for risk, was how to protect from a catastrophe and
this decision affected the development and the cost.

(Q2)       I played the game more than once and I change my strategy on three
things. First, I spent less money for insurances because the damages affected
the development. Second I increase the money for protection and research. By
this way, I was able to reduce the consequences. Finally, I developed my pods
in the same level because in that way the damage was smaller.

In general the game taught me that prevention for a catastrophic event
is better from acquiring damages after it, triggering my interest about current programs
from catastrophic events in developing countries.

(Q3)       Despite the fact that the financial crisis had an impact on all European
countries, my country Greece was in the worst position of all. I mentioned the
latter in order to propose a change in the mechanism that a hit from a comet
affect the pods. In an effort to encapsulate the global nature of the shocks, except
from national, it would be better if each pod or some clusters of pods were influenced
in different ways. I suggest this change in the game so as to be more
understandable that an international cooperation is necessary when national
resources are not sufficient to cope with a catastrophe.