7855388

In the game Risk Horizon, the
player must create an ocean-side settlement by building pods, and from there build
up the settlement via upgrading. Reaching a certain level of development called
milestones during a time limit means that the level has been beaten, with six
levels in total, each increasing in difficulty. Meteors serve as a danger to
the settlement, with each one having the capacity to crash into the ocean,
causing harm to the settlement. Each meteor has a meter for severity, chance of
hit, and research. A meteor may or may not hit, and may or may not cause harm. Methods
of damage control include research and elevation. By clicking an individual
meteor, it is “researched” as time progresses, and can only be research one at
a time, demanding full attention. More research allows the player to connect
each pod in a random-lit order during a longer time limit after a meteor
strikes. The more connections made, the more damage is mitigated, with the
possibility of no damage. Elevation, like researching, will demand all of your
attention. But unlike researching, which is initiated with a small fee, elevation
costs money in short, regular intervals. The benefit of elevation is that it
provides protection from water damage for a series of meteors, while research
doesn’t. Research, however, provides a chance of no damage, while elevation
will simply moderate damage broadly. The last element of the game is insurance
for pod damages, which comes in three plans, and increase in cost each level.

The tutorial provided me the
knowledge to defend and expand my settlement. I learned that upgrading pods
increases the rate of development, and that research and elevation provided
protection to reduce the magnitude of harm from meteor waves, while insurance
provided a great reduction in cost during time of need, when the civilization
was crippled. During game play, my settlement was never in harm. However,
because of my focus on protection and insurance, my settlement didn’t grow in
time, and so my first few attempts ended in failure.  I was forced to reassess my situation. Risk
Management in this game meant I had to balance protection with growth, and had
to take necessary risks for needed expansion. This meant reactive protection,
which was cost effective, allowing me to allocate funds to growth and expansion.
The reactive “sword and shield” defense proved to be more successful, allowing
me to reach level five my fourth and fifth attempt. 

            Considering
changes comes as a challenge to me. Living in New England, the only risks that
come to mind are minor civil disputes, financial instability and floods, the
latter which is well covered already. Perhaps give a choice of what kind of
building the player wants to build, covering power plant, residential, R and D
center, education, and bank. At the end of each round, a report is given that
includes either setback or growths in each sector, with a ranking report,
ranging from one to twenty, representing the status of the settlement, from
impoverished to stable and thriving development. Each choice in building and
upgrade affects that field, and each field interacts with one another, building
up the settlement and leading to consequences related to protection and
expansion. Poor maintenance of any of the fields can lead to danger for the
settlement as a whole. These additions make sense in my case because the risks
where I live are pretty much as the changes I described. When one of these
areas are effected, the others react, leaving the population to deal with it,
prepared or not. Great assignment, had fun. 