7857613

The game risk horizon was an exercise in the tradeoffs
inherent between speedy development and protection for the future as well as
between spending time on research into potential risk and spending time on acquiring
protection to guard against it. The key components of risk management:
Knowledge, Protection, Insurance and Coping were guiding principles to achieve
success in the game.  For instance,
without knowledge of the severity of potential shocks (the comets) an
appropriate level of protection could not be achieved and the decision to
invest in insurance and whether that was worthwhile could not be made.  The game highlighted the fundamental role of
knowledge, of research, as a guide to making important future decisions both in
the virtual reality of the game as well as in the real world.

The inherent tradeoff between preparation for risk
mitigation and actual development was a crucial aspect of the game as it
highlighted the problem governments in developing countries face: spending
valuable resources on risk management at the expense of faster
development.  The point was well made—if one
sacrifices protection for quicker development the impact of even one shock is
catastrophic.  However, if one
over-invests in protection then one isn’t able to sustain a good level of
development.  Although the temptation to
reach ten bars of protection is high, it must be guarded against. 

Playing the game repeatedly taught me the value of trying different
strategies to win.  Eventually, I found
the best strategy was an immediate investment into pods, no insurance, quick
research on comets and then spending time and resources on raising the
protection level.  If, for instance, a
potential comet was at 6 bars of severity and my protection level at 4, I would
raise the protection level to 5 and spend time on research into the comet so
that building connections between communities could make up the
difference.  In this way, I suffered no
damage any time a comet struck and found it unnecessary to purchase insurance
while also being able to invest sufficiently in development to beat the game.  

A key difference I wish to highlight between the game and
the real world is the role of uncertainty. 
The game gives us a lot of knowledge about what level of damage was
about to come and how quickly in the game; this is impossible in the real
world.  Research and good data are
invaluable in helping governments estimate potential risk; however, there may
not be sufficient time to prepare for them. 
I would attempt to magnify the role of uncertainty in a future iteration
of the game—I would add two types of shocks and leave it unclear which was
about to strike.  Thus there would have
to be an additional tradeoff between protection for one versus the other. Or I
would have idiosyncratic speed of the comets rather than the constant fast or
slow speeds they currently have so that it is unclear how much time there is to
prepare.

