7863865

 I believe that the game was able to clearly prove that if you want to prevent
community from some potential shocks and to mitigate negative impact of risks (if
they occur), you cannot achieve that goal without effective and responsible risk
management.

Playing the game I fully realized that my attention (as the Luminator of
Alora) was supposed to be paid to all powers I possessed – Research, Protection
and Insurance. I also learned from the game that all these three powers should
be treated with equal seriousness. They are interdependent parts of some
integral well-balanced structure – a kind of triangle whose very existence and
shape directly depend on its sides. Thanks to Research, I managed to decrease
the severity and even the hit probability of some comets. Allocating resources to
Protection, I could secure my community from comets that had reached the surface
close to the shore, as well as boost its resistance to potential ones. Due to
Insurance, my community was able to recover quite easily after hits of some
extremely severe comets without any serious financial losses, and I could also invest
saved money into further community development.

If we speak about preparation for risk, I think that Knowledge comes
first. When you know what kind of risks your community is more likely to face
and what consequences these potential risks can cause, you can adequately select
and undertake all required measures and activities to address risk properly. That’s
why in the game I quite frequently made my choice in favor of Research.

I played game several times. When I played for the first time, I started
it simply with building numerous pods and boosting Protection level, and I
failed. Then I changed my policy and started a new game with building of only
two pods, allocating more resources and time to Protection and Research. I
abstained from further construction of new pods and focused on upgrading
existing ones. And it worked – pursuing that plan I could quite rapidly
increase the rate of development and fill the development bar. Then, every next
new pod I tried to upgrade at once. 

As for possible changes to the game, I would like to propose an option
allowing taking different actions (can be limited to two) simultaneously as it
happens in real life. For example, when you are involved in Research activities
you can at the same time take efforts to boost Protection level. Or, at least,
provide access to such kind of option under certain conditions (e.g. extra
payment, building freeze, etc.). 