7866611

The role of risk management in the game was to determine the risk of how much damage the asteroid would do in compared to the amount of money you had, the level of pod, and the insurance you bought. The choices I made was to try and increase the level of pod I had while maintaining at least 33% of the insurance and trying to research as much as I could about the asteroid.  If an asteroid did do damage, I was always most concerned about fixing up the pods immediately in order to create less damage the next time.  I thought this was important because having more and more damage was too high of a risk for me.  If I were to play the game again, I would definitely do more research on each of the asteroids that came through.  Some were hard as they were moving to fast but I thought it would be more beneficial to have as much information as possible.  I learnt that it was a balance between how much insurance to have - I typically started out with only 33% insurance - and how much damage was actually done.  I found that the more research I was able to do, the better as I was able to build more connections which allowed less damage to occur. Only towards the end of the game I felt more insurance was necessary as research and community building was very hard to do.  I don't think I would change anything in the game. I felt that it captured risk management very well and how it is always changing.  This came in the variances of speed of the asteroids and how it allowed for a lot or very little research.  I think that the game represented risk management very well.  The only criticism I had of the game was how fast the money kept coming in. I felt that by the end of the game, I would have been able to have the fullest protection again the asteroids without any problems, therefore created almost no risk.  Overall, I think the game portrayed how risk management is always changing and how hard it is to determine the outcome of a disaster, especially when it appears as if it is going to miss and then ends up hitting and causing more damage than expected.  I found the game to be very useful though and was able to show me how I manage risk and my thoughts and reactions to it.