7868685

The role of risk management in the game was to
minimize the losses of a comet strike while still maintaining enough production
from the pods to beat the level within the time constraint. Surprisingly none
of my tradeoffs included knowledge or insurance; rather, I used all my
resources on raising my village to a very high defensive level and
building/upgrading the pods to increase my production. In the first level I
allocated a vast amount of resources to elevating my village to protect it from
the surges caused by the comets. This strategy cost me a lot of resources upfront
and slowed my pod upgrading.  However,
the  focus on raising my city meant that I
always had a high baseline level of protection and it was quick and easy to re-raise
my village after comet strikes. 
Furthermore, it saved me money on insurance and knowledge as these two
aspects where less important given the level of protection resulting from my early
investment in my villages defenses.  This
then allowed me to focus the majority of my resources on upgrading my pods thus
increasing my production which in turn made completing the levels relatively
simple as I would often finish with thirty to forty seconds to spare.

 

I only played the game once because on my first try
I managed to get to level 6 and almost beat it. 
That said if I could do something different I would have bought a small
amount of insurance as when my villages defenses were eventually overrun it
would have been very nice to have cheaper repairs. Furthermore, I would have
allocated more resources to pod upgrades rather than raising my village early
on in the game because in the later game more money is produced and thus there
is more money to allocate to defense without hurting production. 

The main thing I learned from the game was how to
allocate scarce resources and how to balance protection and production. If you
invest to too much of one aspect than you will not pass the level. However, at the
same time if you do not invest enough in an aspect you will fail the level. This
is essentially the dilemma of all people working in risk analysis as they must operate
in an environment of finite resources.

There are a few things I would change about the
game. First I would link the cost of insurance to the number of pods rather
than the level one is at.  Second, I
would allow the player to invest in a missile defense system that could shoot
down the comets; however, this would be very expensive and could only be used a
few times a turn. Last, I would lessen the amount of protection provided by raising
ones city as it allows the player to avoid both insurance and research and thus
narrows their focus.    

 

 