7870576

1. The role of risk management was to avoid the comets from causing much damage to the pods, if it were to hit the pods. The comets were of various types and depending upon its type, it varied in its severity and chances of striking. Knowledge: One thing we could do was to follow the comet throughout its path, which one could say was to research more about it, so that we would receive enough time to cope with the risk (in this case, building connections through the pods). Protection: Protection could be increased by raising the level on clicking a single option in the game.Insurance: The other thing we could do is insure our pods. Insurances were available in three types depending upon the amount of repayment, if the shock would ever occur. If the comet would hit the pods and cause damage, the insurance would repay some of the amount for its repair, therefore, reducing the amount to be paid by us. This is how we shared the risk.Preparation of the risk by raising the level of protection did affect the development of the pods. The game required to reach a minimum level of development for the completion of a level. However, if one would focus more on preparing for the risk, it would indirectly affect the development of the pods therefore requiring more time for the completion of a level or in other case missing out on the completion, thus affecting the achievement.2. When I played the game for the first time, I did notice that development of the pods would help me reach the target faster. Therefore, I decided to construct many pods without giving a thought about the mitigation of the risk, i.e, the comet. So when the comet hit the pods, due to no preparation, it led to huge losses, not only did the target level bar fall, it also did incur a huge losses in fixing the pods. The other time when I played the game, I focused on constructing few pods, so that if there were any shock the damage would be less. However, for the faster achievement of the target, I had to ensure that the comets do not hit the pods or if it were to hit, it must with a lesser severity. So, the first thing I did was to insure my pods with the highest premium so that it would cost me lesser for fixing, if the shock did occur. The comets were either severe or causing no damage. For the severe ones, I would try to research more on the comet so that it would either miss or give me more time for coping if it hit. With the ones causing no damage or very little damage, I would spend my time on increasing the level of preparation which I couldn't do when there was the sign of a severe comet.3. If I were to develop a new and better version of this game, I would first create different types of shocks such as a fissure or an earthquake in addition to the default shock of the comet. This would give the person playing the game a better understanding of how to manage different types of risks and which risk requires more attention and what sort of method would be beneficial for its mitigation. Also, the development of the pods and reaching the target, in my opinion, is not the ideal way to judge the person. A better criteria would have been how many shocks did the person manage to tackle.