7885074

The risk horizon was very interesting but was a
mysterious game. No instructions were available rather it was told that the
instructions are embedded in the game and one has to learn by hit and trial
method. The symbols used for buildings / constructions were unusual and there
was no indication / instruction how to raise the level of the constructed area.
Moreover, I could not understand how the money in my wealth pool is increasing
and with what mechanism till I submitted my assignment. 

I also could not understand the mechanism of
research its benefits and the cost I paid for it. I tried many tradeoffs to
complete the game and to understand the risk management mechanism but miserably
failed to cross level III. I could not understand how my investment in development
of the community increased my wealth pool. Despite of the fact that I had a lot
of money in my wealth pool and lot of development on ground and Insurance of
different levels, I never felt short of money to cover the damage caused by the
comets but these could not help me to reach level III. Although I played the game
many times with different combinations of protection, insurance, research andvarious
level of developments but could not understand the risk management mechanism of
the game. I purchased higher insurance, I constructed pods in almost all of the
area available, I tried to enter research area, I protected the development in
different combinations and in different attempts but could not cross level
III.For developing a new version of the game I would
add the mechanism of increasing the wealth pool and cost of each action like
construction and it’s up gradations, cost of damage according to percentage. How
many comets are expected? There would be not only damage in development work
but also loss of jobs and lives during shocks, whose loss is also to be
included. If all these parameters are given before the start of the game or
side by side it will show your capacity to deal with risk management with your
knowledge and resources available.

In the end it will be interesting to note that
without buying any kind of insurance or spending on research you can go to level III of the game just
by investing in development and raising the level of protection and any one can
do that.    