7894083

Risk management role is o build the capacity to reduce the losses and improve the benefits that people may exercise while conducting lives and pursuing development opportunities which we seen while playing this game, and we observe other tools to manage the burden and obstacles of shocks .To build Alora which
was frequently target of shocks destroying uncertain loss or damage  to community. To protect the shocks it is
necessary to reduce the impact of shocks or avoid such shocks by implementing
effective risk management. By proper understanding the risk and its
consequences we have to build the community. Collecting knowledge and Research
about the shocks we can reduce its impact as far as possible to some extent.
Insurance is major player to compensate such loss since it provide protection
of financial loss which is useful to recover from damages but it take few sum
in the form of  premium. After properly
understand the concept and risk we have to build alora in very carefully manner
and develop it from 2nd level and if possible from first level which
will benefit to reach or cross 2nd level.  It is also necessary to find out the frequency
of shocks and its limit of damages which will provide good help for insurance
premium and cope with its impact. Thus all of these things covered under risk management.
 By properly applying risk management and
taking advantages of knowledge, research and Insurance help me to achieve
second level without having much trouble. By properly applying research and knowledge
I moved the shocks directions on few vocations and achieve the target of 2nd
level. 

 When I played the game
first time I have lots of problems about its operations and instructions about
the game. When I played and practise few times it was helpful me to clear my
doubts and confusions. I learned the importance of risk management and its operation
while playing the game it is protocol to real incidence with very good sound
system which creates impact of reality. From this I learned the importance of
risk management and its utility. Also I learned how to plan and cope with
shocks by applying available resources.

 

If you re-build the
game I would like to add few things in game such as find out the origin place
of shocks. ;substitute for structure to protect from impact of shocks similar
as in country chilli, Enhance the insurance coverage up to 100%, Scientific
study of  shocks.