7895945

this game was amazing. when i started playing i didn't expect this to be this good. the animation was pretty amazing. we can say that i was trying to complete level 6 but couldn't in my first try . i was on this game for about 1 hour. i was complete thinking and getting up strategies for this game. at the end i was successful. i was completely into this game. the concept of the game was amazing in this mooc, it taught me a lot of things such as be ready for each and every problem and keep meeting the target set in the meter. it is very important to manage time in this game, if the time is not managed properly we may not be able to develop the city properly and not meet the target. managing the budget was an important aspect in this game, if the money was not managed properly we could not win the game. another key aspect required to remember was the research on the meteors which were falling from the sky. this game taught me a lot of things such as managing your time i would just say that in my first try i was just building all the building randomly and not even looking at the time but after some time i was concentrating on the time and was strategically build the building. managing the budget, it was very important to manage the budget because it was pretty much that we needed money for the insurance and also do the development  which was hard, as we had to buy insurance on each and every level which meant you had to buy insurance we at least had to save $500 to be on the safe side. i also learnt that prediction is very important as we predict if the meteor will hit or not, if we predict that the meteor would not hit then we would not be mentally be ready to meet that yellow cloud and save the city in about 4 seconds. so being ready is a very important part of this game. i have learnt a lot from this game which will definitely help me in the real world, these are very important lessons for a student as he will learn how to manage his time and resources well and this is definitely help me in  my life. this game has been very good and has helped me learn lessons i loved to play this game. 