7897284

The role of risk management in this game is to balance economic growth of the community and potential risk caused by the comets through preparation and coping. Risk, in this game, is a combination of likelihood of comets hitting the community and the severity of the consequence. In order to reduce the negative effect brought by the comets, the very first thing I did was to purchase the highest insurance coverage, which is 75%. Upgrading the pots was important because a community can be formed accordingly, and the power of community can be used to against the natural disasters. So whenever I had money after building a pot, I upgraded it. Trade-offs need to be made while performing risk management. Building as many pots as possible is good to the economy, but money needs to be saved on improve the bar of the silder. Spending time on research of the comets can help to increase time to build the community, reduce the severity of the comet hits and chances of comets hitting the ground, however, time needs to be alloted to increase the level of the slider to match with the severity level of the comet. Preparations of risk affect development either immediately, or after sometime. Community bonding acts immediately once a comet hits the ground. Damage can be spread over the whole community by clicking on the glow. Insurance was purchased beforehand in order to minimize possible damages happening in the future. Slider protection was prepared according to the status of the comet. It needed to be raised at least to the severity level of the comet damage. I played the game a couple times. The first time I tried, I didn't even pass level one. I realized that I didn't do enough research on the comets, instead, I continuously raised the slider way above the level needed to cover the comet damage. Money wasn't well spent and economy didn't get improve because of the lack of pots built in a community. Risk management is a balance act. In order to do well in risk management, one cannot focus on one apsect related to risk, but pay attention to all the factors and plan strategically and wisely. Time management is certainly important. Doing one thing ahead of another does make a difference. If I were to make some changes of the game, I would probably try to speed up the construction of pots, the faster pots are built, the faster they could be connected in a community to function together to avoid and reduce risk. I could probably use big data to find out which area has the highest probablity hit by the comet, thus upgrades of that pot could be taken as priority. 