7903722

The role of
risk management in the game was to teach when and how to protect and prevent the
adverse impact of risk as well as knowledge about the risks present in the game.
It was to invest and increase development with the effect of minimal risk
involved and how to control the risks and its effects. 

Knowledge of
risk towards the pods increased understanding the impact of comets falling onto
the pods.  Information on comets were
given with respect to the severity of the damage the comet brings to the pod,
chances of the comet hitting the pod and amount research that has been taken
with respect to that specific comet. Protection was gained from building network
with the community and insurance helped reduce the cost of the impact of the comets.
Insurance helped spread the cost, however as there were three options on the
types of insurance this was a challenge because measuring the amount of risk the
pods were to face was difficult and near to impossible.

When there
was a comet which had an adverse impact on the pods, it was wise to take up
high insurance which covered 75% of lost. It was effective to build the
community when faced with comets with low severity and chances of hitting the
pod. It is very important to have liquid assets to cover the cost of lost. 

Preparation
of risk affected development after some time. There was a huge loss before learning
how the combination of insurance, protection, development and risk works.

Playing the
game four different times, suggests that trial and error is very important to
understand risk. It improves the research towards the risks involved and allows
improvements in risk management. By gaining knowledge on different techniques
of protecting and mitigating risks as well as understanding how insurance works
and where and how to invest money. Over insuring brings loss and under insuring
brings lack of knowledge. It was very important to see the technical understand
and the formula of how insurance, protection and risk coincide. Balance risk
preparation with a healthy development.  

If I had to changes,
I would invest in the research regarding comet. Also spread the insurance and
break insurance down more. 