7904848

Reflections on “Risk Horizon”


Risk Horizon is
real-time strategy game in which the player's aim is the development
of a small coastal community. This coastal community is under
constant threat by comets, which, in case these comets hit the nearby
sea, create large waves which damage the community's buildings. The
player has different tools to manage this risk of damage, but all of
them either cost resources in time or wealth and/or slow down
development. Since the community's development has to be at a certain
level at a predefined time, the player has to find the right balance
between a quick development of the community and managing the risk.The player can use any of
three different risk-management actions or any combination of them:

- Research: Watching the
planet over a period of time is the equivalent of research in this
game. The more research the player did on a comet, the more time he
has to establish “community links” after the comet has hit, which
will decrease the level of damage. Although the research does not
deplete development or wealth, it uses the resource time, as the
player can not do anything else when watching the comet.- Protection: The player
can protect his community by raising it to a higher level. This raise
goes slowly and therefore also requires the resource time, and it
also hampers development and uses small amounts of wealth.
- Insurance: The player
can take out an insurance at any of three different levels. Taking
insurance will cost wealth, which will then not be available to be
invested into development. Nevertheless, in case of an impact, this
could be money well spend.

The game aims to show how managing risk in a developing environment leads to a
trade-off situation, in which the benefit of risk management has the drawback of slowing down development. This slowing
down of development is a result of resources (e.g. financial,
capital, labour) being used to manage risk, and which therefore are
not available to be applied for development any more.

Although it is in
principle a nice small game, it seems to suffer from some serious
technical problems. It seems that the game gets harder the slower the
computer it is running on. On my laptop it was nearly impossible to
get beyond level 2, since a comet hit in the last 30 seconds before
the deadline will make it impossible to be above the required development level when the
time is up, since the damage repairs will simply take too long. This
is independent of the level of development reached before the impact;
even if the development meter is at maximum level before the impact,
there is no chance of being above the line when time is up. On my older PC, it is even hard to get beyond level 1.

