7906227

The Risk
Horizon Game demands a fine act of balance in risk preparation on one hand and healthy
development on the other.

 

In the
game, I focused to build and upgrade my pods as fast as possible, while to keep
an eye on the coming comets, I took insurance all the time to cover my pods, my
choice of insurance level depended on money left and pods value, I tried to cover
as much as possible. When a comet was coming, I checked the chance of hit and severity.
If the chance of hit or the severity was high, I researched longer and held up
the protection slider until the comet passed. If the chance of hit or severity
was low, I spent time to keep building and upgrading my pods and not bothered
to spend time on research of the comet.  

 

The role of
risk management in the game in terms of research, insurance and protection
clearly aimed to mitigate the damage from the comet and to preserve the value
of the pods. However, risk management is not free and consideration must be
given to the factors of cost and benefits.

 

I have made
several attempts but could not pass Level 2, the meter indicated I was about to
pass but a comet came from no where I could see on the screen and hit my pods
and caused substantial damage only a second away from passing Level 2. This is
a demonstration of poor outcomes do not always reflect bad risk management,
rather extremely large and unexpected shocks can overwhelm even the best
preparation.

 

If I were
to play the Level 2 next time, I would probably seek for the insights from
those participants who successfully passed the game and learn from their
experience.

 

If I were
involved in the task of developing a new version, I would make the game has no
time limit to finish and the performance in terms of pods value would simply be
measured against time spent on the game, so all game participants would
eventually pass level 4, only a question of time spent in reaching that level.
This may actually reflect the real world experience.      