7907430

The role of risk
management in the game was to balance time and money spent on gaining
knowledge, insurance and protection so that the potential losses from risk
would be reduced or eliminated and development goals could be met. Some level
of protection was essential from the beginning but knowledge was key to
investing time and money wisely on protection and/or insurance. Insurance was
beneficial however I delayed purchasing it, instead diverting funds to protecting
the colony. Once a satisfactory level of protection was reached, I devoted time
to research - particularly when the risk was large.

Initially I constructed
lots of pods and then once a comet was on the horizon, I researched it and
acted accordingly. I didn’t succeed in getting beyond level 3. The next time I
played I built less pods and protected them with the money that was being made,
I then upgraded one or two in the name of making more money quicker so I could
reinvest that money on more protection, insurance and upgrades - a kind of
‘trickle down’ approach. Using this method and investing time in research while
the pods were being developed meant I completed the game. I learned that a
larger, less developed colony with little protection or insurance is
susceptible to loss from risk. A colony with resources spent on protection from
and insuring against risk proportionate to its size, can avoid losses from
risk. Knowledge, protection and insurance are all necessary for prosperous
development.

The risk in the game was
external to the colony and comets missed more often than they hit. Inhabitants didn’t
become overconfident, thinking the risk was minimal or some other colony’s
problem. They didn’t question where the money was being spent or voice concerns
that it should be spent elsewhere with potentially immediate benefits for them
e.g. a new school, hospital or infrastructure. I would add an element within
the community that could be opposed to money or time spent on insurance,
protection or research. The game would then need to incorporate education as a
factor to channel money towards in order to inform the community of the risk and
reduce opposition to spending on protection or insurance. Money spent on these
things when the community was opposed to it would increase civil unrest and
reduce the rate of development.