7908504

The game provided me with a chance to glimpse what risk management is. In the game, I had to prioritize the risks by research based on the severity and probability as some of the risks are happening simultaneously. I also had to allocate limited resources to the development target while providing appropriate protections. I haven't paid attention to the research until I lost a couple of games. After then, based on severity andprobability of risk, I could decide which risk to focus on when risks are coming simultaneously. When severity was low or became low by research, I could even take them and focus on other risks and other development of priority. I have also tried a couple of games to maximize protections but such protective actions could not be achieved due to the limited resources. Best protection must be best. However, in the real world, consideration should be paid to the available resources which made me understand that protection is something to be balanced. In this sense, insurance was felt like a financial burden at first as I was more focusing on the development and the return of resources rather than damage. From this, insurance was regarded something like redundancy which can be engaged in the later stage when I become to think I can financially afford to redundancy. As the game is played in the limited time frame, it seems the players are more focused on the preparation for and protection of risks and pay less attention to the recovery from damages. It seems to be that effect of insurance is less stressed in the game as I think the players cannot sense the comparative effects of insurance and amount of insurance coverage. Risk is something we cannot be free from and adversely affect what have been developed and achieved by way of damage, loss and/or delay. Preparation of risks reduce and prevent such adverse effects of risks. First thing to do is to understand the risk itself just, as it was in the game, severity (adverse impact) and probability. Understanding of risk is the starting point of the preparation of risk. Preparation includes hedging of risk, minimizing of impact and recovery from the impact. Risk management is something to well balance all of these activities. I am not a good game player. The game was so discouraging as I could not even pass the second stage despite multiple tries. I became to think, in the real world the risk management is nothing easier than a game. "Discouraging enough!"  I know there are many more people strive to fight against and prepare for risks in their own fields like me. I will take my part.    