790995

The ability to manage risk was important in achieving
success for the game.  At any given time,
I could only partake in one of two actions: to build and upgrade the pods OR to
protect against potential danger from the comets.  The decision to generate protection meant
that I was forgoing the option to develop the pods.  Both options cost time and money and
unfortunately, there was a limited supply of both.  If I didn’t build enough pods, I would not
reach the required level of development before time ran out.  However, if I spent too much time and money
building pods, the unavoidable comets would destroy the island and I would not
have enough time and money to repair the damage.  In terms of protecting the island, knowledge
didn’t cost any money but it took time to research the comet.  Protection cost both time and money.  Insurance could be purchased instantaneously
but cost a lot of money.   

I played the game multiple times and improved with each
attempt.  Instead of purchasing insurance
right away, I spent more of my efforts on research and protection.  With enough of both, I was able to avoid both
incurring damage and purchasing insurance for all rounds except for the final
round.  I made the decision to purchase
insurance for the final round because the high cost of pod repairs after a
comet hit would bankrupt me and prevent the meter from filling up before time
ran out.  I learned that it was important
to build and upgrade just enough pods to keep the meter at a healthy green
level.  Also, since I became quite
skilled at creating community connections in the mini game, I didn’t have to
spend as much resources on research and protection.  In my experience, it was more advantageous to
spend 60% of the time generating protection and 40% on research.  If I could change one aspect of the game, I would
increase the cost of the insurance as the number of comets hitting the island
increased and as time lapsed in the round. 
This option more resembles reality. 
For example, medical insurance costs more for an older, unhealthy person
than a younger, healthy person. 