7913379

REFLECTION ON THE RISK HORIZON GAME
The role of risk management was to enable me prepare for the losses that I would incur if I got hit by the comets while on the other hand, if I did not get hit, to enable me develop my community more. In order to ensure proper risk management I had to choose between building more communities so that each of the community members would act as each other’s protector, or building a few communities and instead keeping more resources to protect against the risk of being hit and incurring losses, this involved . As I prepared for risk management, I engaged in research to understand the nature and strength of the comets that were coming. I also took on insurance to protect against any damages that would occur. However, I did not take enough insurance that would be commensurate with the level of damages that eventually occurred. I also engaged in reinforcing the structures already built instead of building more communities that would support each other in the event of a disaster, such as when the comets struck. 
In this case, I played the game thrice. In the first case I lost. The reason being, I concentrated on research and insurance, and did little to develop the community. Here I ended up being hit and lost nearly 50% of developments. In the second and third attempts where I won both level one and level two, what I did differently was to balance between using resources to build communities and buying insurance. Whereas in the first case I bought insurance haphazardly, in the second and third trials, I ensured that the amount of insurance I bought was commensurate with the level of threat that was coming. In this way, I did not incur sever loses even when the comets hit. 
In my place, the risks of either floods or drought are the most common. Therefore, the changes that would be relevant are twofold. First, the comets should be made to depict whether it’s coming with dry winds and therefore drought or coming with lots of moisture and rain clouds, hence lots of rain and floods. The risk management choices necessary would then be either to  choose the type of crops to plant where there will be less or short rainy season or to build levees and other types of protection in case of heavy rains with floods and mudslides. Options of insurance would also be appropriate choices for risk management. In severe cases, long term strategy to settle in less prone areas and ensuring strong buildings would be necessary choices.
John-Bosco Amuno
