7913652

1) The role of risk management in this game was the ability to buy insurance and invest in research to hedge against the damage from the meteorites. When investing in protection or insurance, I faced an opportunity cost of otherwise using that money to upgrade or buy more pods and the risk of not meeting my objective within the time frame. At the start of each level, my immediate task was to buy the minimum insurance package and ensure that I had a protection level of at least 4 bars before upgrading my pods.  2) I played the game twice. For the first time, I didn't make it to level 4 because I was too heavily focused on fully maxing the protection level at the cost of neglecting to upgrade and buy more pods. In my second attempt, I made a conscious effort to be more risk-taking by only limiting my investment in protection to 3/4 of the full bar and spending the remaining amount of money to upgrade my existing pods as much as possible before buying newer pods. As a result, I managed to reach level 5. My main takeaways from this game is to strike an ideal balance between investing in new technology (in this case the upgrading and buying of pods) and ensuring adequate (but not overly excessive) amount of insurance for my existing assets. In the initial levels of the game, the probability of hit from the meteorites were relatively lower as compared to the higher levels. Hence I reacted to the situation by investing in a lower amount of protection and not buying any insurance in levels 1 and 2. This meant that I could focus more on buying and upgrading the pods at the earlier stages of the game. The lesson from this is that we should be situationally aware of our surroundings and react appropriately to the risks or threats that we face. Under-reacting results in huge repercussions when danger strikes and over-reacting results in "wasted" resources which could have otherwise be put to better use such as upgrading the pods in this game. 3) I live in Singapore, which is a small and open economy with no natural resources. Singapore relies on readily available foreign manpower in certain sectors. Increasingly, businesses in these sectors are facing a tight labour market and increasing foreign levies to reduce the reliance of foreign manpower. In light of the rising foreign levies, the risk management decision of such businesses is that of either continuing to rely on foreign manpower (which will eat into their profit margins) or increasing their efforts to attract and groom local manpower, which is more time consuming and difficult. A possible extension to the game is to include the need to recruit manpower to operate and maintain the pods. The option to recruit manpower can come in two forms. Either by utilising foreign manpower which comes at a lower cost and shorter training period but shorter "lifespan" or by recruiting local manpower which comes at a higher cost due to their demand for higher wages and the longer training period but they last a longer "lifespan". As wages are a recurring cost, the player has to decide the optimal amount of manpower to hire and the mix of manpower that he/she should hire in the game.  