7914711

     During the coursea course: Risk and
Opportunity, Managing Risk for Development course, we were asked to participate
in a Risk Horizon game based on materials we have learnt throughout the course.
Although I only participated in the game twice, there was a significant
improvement to the score based primarily on knowledge of the game. 

 

     The role of risk management is apparent
throughout the game in the form of knowledge, protection and insurance. The
variables in the game related to these three aspects are the research, the
elevation of the land as well as purchasing insurance respectively constrained
by currency as a resource. As building construction was the only simultaneous
running aspect, the three aspects were all trade-off of each others with money
as a constraint. However, with information regarding the comet as well as
insurance / protection being semi-permanent, the trade-offs was clear. 

 

     With insurance being provided by a third
party, it was clear that protection could be gained immediately and the risks
are hedged. However, the timing of when to buy insurance and what type to
optimize the payout greatly affects the economy. This preparation of the risk
implied a real world problem of not having duely warning regarding shocks such
as black swan and creates a sense of waste in investing in insurance (if over
protection was used and the payout was not worth the insurance). 

 

      The implication of these trade-off taught
me the optimization of resources and unlike other real time strategy games,
sometimes there are not enough time / resources to optimize it all on the go. This
was apparent on my first run-through of the game after skimming the
instructions. Although I understood the framework of having knowledge before
insurance and protection, I hastily built protection of elevation and wasted
some of the resources I could’ve used at a later stage with the knowledge from
the comets. This implies the paramount importance of knowledge of the shock
(comet) before wasting resources (money) on protection (elevation of land).
This knowledge helped the second run-through all the entropic nature of the
game damaged my score with heavy comets.

 

     One element I would improve on is the
mini-game in regards to preventing damages. I would definitely make it easier
to see the effect of the game in prevention of the comet. The prevention is
often random with damage dealt regardless of the outcome of the game.

 

     With the conclusion of this game, this real time strategy game shown me the importance of timing in using protection as well as the importance of information. Although the result was not satisfactory to my liking, the improvement with each run-through shows the effect of preparation and risk management in general.