7915634

Juan
Camilo Niño Montoya.

Risk And Opportunity:
Managing Risk for Development.

The game aims to teach us
how to confront a crisis, showing us, that with a short amount of money, we
have to research for information, and then, try to look for protection, or some
kind of insurance. The information about the problem is important, because it
tells us, the severity of the problem, in order to think, if the better
solution is in the look for protection, or 
in the look for insurance. Look for protection looks like the best
option, when it is an idiosyncratic risk, or in the game, when we were at the
very first levels, while looking for some insurance, is better, when we face a
systemic risk, like in the higher levels of the game.

As all the actions you take,
cost you some money, you have to find the best combination between research of
information, protection and insurance. In the game, as in the real life, exists
a lot of trade-offs in the risk management, for instance, is not cost-effective
to have a lot of protection, as well as the highest insurance. Another
trade-off to highlight, is to invest your money to grow the city, or in the
three elements listed above.

It seems that investing in risk
management is very expensive, and while this is true, it ends up being cheaper.
When a crisis hits you or you country, that investment begins to get noticed,
reducing the damages that it leaves.

When I began playing, I just
tried to enhance the city and buy some protection, as well as insurance, but
then I realized, that first of all, I need to know the problem I’m going to
confront, in order to take the corresponding action, also, I realized that in
the very first levels, I have to protect my city of the hit of the meteorites,
but in the higher levels, when I had a bigger country, if something bad does
happen, the damages would be very expensive, so I invested in insurance too.

As I live in Colombia, in
the case I have to add something to the game, I would decide to add some unexpected
constraints throughout the game, trying to represent the hard environment and
uncertainty that affect my country.