7918858

1) The role of risk management in
the game was to sustain the city’s growth. If the city was constantly hit by
waves it became impossible to invest on the city itself, resources would be
needed to repair the damage and it would waste time that could be spent on
growth, research and so on. My main issues were knowledge and protection.
Instead of building lots of construction I preferred to focus on three or so
early on to have a better flow of resources and be able to spend more on
protection. I didn’t really used insurance that much, in fact I kind of
neglected it. It seemed much more useful to spend time and resources on
protection and research and actually prevent the damage, rather than dealing
with it. 

2) On my first try I still wasn’t
sure of what to do and what effects my actions had in the game. The next time I
tried to develop fast and focused only on protection, and didn’t get good
results. I had better results balancing protection and research on the next try
and could get to higher stages. If I could play more, I think I would try to
explore more the utility of insurance. I couldn’t quite grasp it in my plays. I
think that the most important thing I learned from the game was the relation between
risk management and progress. It’s a hard thing to balance, on one hand
spending time and resources on risk management can slow down your progress, on
the other hand without a good risk management everything you built could be
lost in the worst case. 

3) Brazil suffers a lot from social
inequality. If I could add something, it would be the citizens capacity of
making some preparations themselves for when the worst happen. On that case,
more developed buildings would get better coping mechanisms. And the player
would have to deal with something when inequality became too strong (the “poor”
suffering much more than the “rich” when a meteor strikes), like riots and vandalism.
This coping mechanism could be a fund that would be used to repair the building
in the case of a strike, allowing the citizens to cope themselves with the
impact of minor damage. In case of great damage the citizens would be able to
start the repairs by themselves but would need funds from the player to finish
it, saving some time for the player, especially if a meteor strikes with full
force too close to the deadline. And riots would damage buildings and slow down
repairs if not controlled.