7929953

Risk management is essential to ensuring there are limited negative impacts on development from risk events, but also to ensure that development opportunities can be realised when they are not constrained or inhibited by risks. The game highlighted that there is no one perfect solution
to managing risk effectively over long periods. Although some risk management
strategies may have short term success, for example by building adequate
protections for an expected risk event, there needs to be a diversified
approach to risk management over the long-term to safeguard development from
multiple shocks. Once I failed to adequately protect and prevent damage from a risk event, I noticed that it was difficult to recover adequately before the next event and this in turn compounded the effects of the events. Adequately preparing for each event is essential to good risk management.

 

As I played the game several times, I realised that reliance
on insurance to recover from risk events is not the most efficient way to ensure
long term sustainable development. When I focused on risk reduction
activities, particularly in knowledge prior to the event and building
connections after the disaster strikes, I noticed that the resilience these
activities built far out-weighed the benefits of investing in expensive
protections or insurance. This does not mean that there isn’t a place for
protection and insurance – there most definitely is – but over investing in
these types of risk management strategies did not give as strong benefit-cost
ratio as the research and awareness activities. Knowledge is clearly essential to good risk management. I tried to continuously keep informed of the risk events, however this became particularly difficult when multiple risk events were emerging at the same time with similar severity and likelihood of impact.

 

There are trade-offs to be made in managing risks and this
was evident in the game. I was challenged to make decisions not only about how
money was invested, but also how time was invested in activities to reduce the
disaster risk. This also stretched to decisions about development. The timing
of investments in development needed to be carefully considered to ensure new
investments were made at times when the risk of a significant disaster event
was lower. I found it difficult to adequately prepare for the disaster risks
and ensure that development continued at a sufficient pace because of the time
and costs required to build knowledge and protection. I also noticed that it was necessary to take a long-term perspective to development and protection and ensure that preventative measures were put in place when possible, regardless of whether a risk event was emerging or not. However, over-investment too early could have negative effects on other aspects of risk management and development.

 

If I was to recreate the game to represent reality, there
would be a couple of options I would consider. One would be to have categories
of housing you can build. For example, building code compliant vs non-building
code compliant with differential costs and impacts during a disaster. Development
would still occur at the same speed for either development but the consequences
during a risk event would differ. Another option would be to have some
environmental/ecological cost to development that translates to reduced
protection from risks. By retaining important environmental areas the risks can
be reduced, but this requires consideration of the trade-off with development.