7937414

Playing the Risk Horizon game has not only been fun but educative as well. Throughout of playing the game, i realized the various Risk Management choices that were present in the game.Hence knowing that Risk Management played a role in the game.The role that i saw Rik Management play  whiles playing the game was the choices it presented to me with options ranging from researching, protecting and insuring my pods against flooding that was caused by the falling comets. Researching about falling comets enabled me to gain knowledge on the severity level of the damage that will be done if a falling comet hits. This usually influenced my decsion on the insurance to purchase as well as the level of protection to reach on the protection bar and how to link and develop my community to prepare toward the impending risk. Hence, balancing risk with healthy development.Managing risk comes with making choices thus the choices I made when I was playing the game.The choices made mostly were to purchase the highest and most expensive insurance
plan to insure my pods no matter the severity level of the comet about to hit  mostly because of the percentage offered by the insurance
and as at when the resources are available I build and upgrade the pods to help
me progress in developing my community. 
I had to mostly give up raising the protection bar to protect the pods
to reserve resources for purchasing higher insurance packages and upgrading the
pods based on the knowledge gained about the comet and its severity if it
should hit. I could not implement all the risk management choices that were
present in the game.This was the major trade-off faced when I played the game.

In most cases, preparing adequately for an incoming
risk made resources for building and upgrading new pods run out and hence makes
developing the community run at a slower pace than it should be. This was how
preparing for the risk affected the development of my community.

After playing the game for more than five times, I
decided after the third time to use resources to purchase insurance and upgrade
pods to aid in the development of my community more than building new pods and
protecting the pods. I also researched more to gain in-depth knowledge about
the next comet that was yet to hit in order to prepare adequately for it.

To prepare and manage risk efficiently, one must
know that all the risk management choices work hand in hand. Knowledge about
the impending risk is needed to understand shocks internal and external
conditions and potential outcomes, thus reducing uncertainty of the falling
comets. Also, protection of the pods likely to be affected by the falling
comets reduces the probability and size of losses and increase benefits of no
damage to the pods. And by purchasing insurance pods that were damaged from
flooding because of the falling comets; will be both quicker and cheaper to
rebuild. I understood these components more and how they apply to risk
management when I played the game and I also learned how to balance risk
preparation and health development.

The risk management choice that i will propose and will also matter in the
place I live is the choice of coping. Coping as a risk management choice that
allows victims of risk to recover from loses and make the most of benefits. I stand by this decision because if a person after being presented with the various risk management choices is not able to cope , in my honest opinion has not managed the risk they faced properly.

