7937519

	In the game Risk Horizon risk management is modeled by the construction, development, and protection of the pods on the planet. The construction of pods takes place on the planet and simulates the expansion of living areas in the world as well as the increase in world population by the development of pods. The development of pod through levels changes them from primitive ones to more complex, reflecting urbanization. The risk posed to the progress bar filling up through building and progression comes in the form of comets and meteors flying at different speeds and having different values for severity and chance of contact. All Risk management is reflected in Risk Horizon through the three options of security through buying insurance on the damage caused by the comets, preparing for the risk before knowing it will happen by raising the platform, and coping with risk by conducting research on the comets as they are falling to improve the chances of having no damage. Preparation for risk using any of the three methods had the opportunity cost of not being able to spend the money used on protection for development or new construction, and even though research was free, while the research window was open no other game actions could be completed and therefore development was slowed in the short term by managing risk. In the long term development of the pods, risk management made growth possible since the effects of comet hits would be minimal and more money would be available continually. 
	I played the game twice, and changed by gameplay drastically from the first time to the second. The first time I played Risk Horizon, I noticed that when I was raising the platform or if I purchased investments, my bar would turn red so I immediately avoided those investments and put all my funds into the construction and development of new pods. My only risk management was research of the comets, which was effective for the first two levels, but when the number of comets increased I could not cope with all of them and they ended up damaging my pods so much that I ran out of time and funds to reach the development requirement. In my second turn, I put all my money immediately into the maximum insurance as well as raising the platform as high as possible. While in the first two levels I barely reached the development requirement in time, I reached level five since I easily dealt with the increasing number of comets.
	If I could add a concept to this game I would make it possible to focus research on more than one comet since in real life risk management must cover multiple risks coming at you at the same time much like the comets. If we only focus on one problem, we ignore the other ones. We must remain vigilant of all the risks in life that can affect us and be able to distribute out efforts in coping with multiple problems and prioritizing our efforts for maximal protection. 
	