7939892

Risk Horizon simulates in a simplified way the
importance as well as the complexities of risk management (RM) for development.
Since the goal of the game is to develop under constant threat of the hazard of
comets – as well as pressure of a time limit – the player is forced to protect
development gains through RM in order to succeed. All elements of RM are
included, as the player can prepare for hazards by increasing levels of
protection (reducing the likelihood and magnitude of possible losses), by
transferring resources from good to bad times through insurance (reducing the
costliness of coping), and by gathering knowledge on impending comets (increasing
the effectiveness of coping measures thanks to an understanding of the possible hazards and their potential outcomes). 

            I
finished the game on the third try. The first two tries, I chose to primarily develop
my community instead of ensuring proper protection. Creating protection seemed
inefficient during the levels’ development process, since it not only
temporarily substituted development gains, but also took significantly more
time than buying insurance (which is immediate) or researching comets to
improve response. Taking preventative protection measures thus posed a significant
trade-off with short-term development. Hence, I went for a responsive rather
than preventative approach, and let insurance substitute for protection. 

            I
realized that my strategy was ineffective when on both tries a high-impact/high-probability
comet struck early due to low protection. Despite insurance and high knowledge it
caused development losses I was unable to regain in time. I learned that
my own behavior posed an obstacle to effective RM: due to (perceived) resource and time constraints
I preferred short-term gain to long-term prudent development.

            On
the third try, I changed my strategy and tried to appropriately allocate
resources between the three preventative elements of risk management. First, I
worked on protection measures when development progress was steadily in the
green, and no dangerous comets were imminent. Second, I kept better track of
incoming hazards, and (thanks to levels of protection) allocated time for
research only to those comets that were going to impact. Third, I took on
insurance only when I was reasonably certain I would be facing damages from a comet.
This in turn left resources available for further protection and development. 

            As
a result of this balancing of RM measures, I learned that it is possible to let
the components of RM improve upon one another instead of being substitutes. In
this way, it is possible to create a virtuous cycle: when the cost of coping
with shocks is minimized thanks to gradual preparation, resources are left for further
investments in RM, which leads to further minimization of negative outcomes
– and so on.

            The game made me aware of the impact
that choices have in RM and how important it is to allocate resources in a
balanced and well-informed way. I also experienced that gradual investments in protection (or prevention) pay in the long run.
Finally, exactly because the game is an abstraction, I better appreciate the
complexity of RM in hazard-prone and less-developed situations in real life. 

            To
have the game approximate (my) reality a bit more, I suggest that later
versions also include positive shocks.
In the Netherlands, we luckily don’t face many immediate natural hazards and so
RM more frequently deals with positive shocks such as emerging technologies. A
positive shock in Risk Horizon could
for instance be the discovery of valuable resources on the planet. The player
could then be made to decide whether or not to take on risks relating to the
opportunity of that discovery.    