7943315

I initially found it quite difficult to get beyond level 2
in the game, despite going through the tutorial, because I focused too much on
the use of insurance to protect a few upgraded houses rather than on protection
and research (knowledge). I used a mixed approach of a little protection and
research, plus a lot of insurance. This was not very successful. By using
insurance to mitigate the costs of damage by paying a small upfront cost for
the policy, I thought the settlement was better off. However, the insurance was
only helpful because there was so much damage, and repairing the houses after
each meteor strike became very expensive. I thought it was better to insure
against the potential damage from a meteor, rather than to invest heavily in
raising the protection level for the entire settlement. But protecting the
entire settlement, while expensive and subject to degrading over time, did a
much better job of mitigating damage and thus decreasing the repair costs. I
also did not realize how valuable knowledge would be because of its link to
community connections.  Ultimately, the
research (knowledge) of meteors was the most effective tool because I was able
to use the knowledge to adjust the protection level and determine the best time
to buy insurance. The community connections after each strike also prevented
damage costs more than once. Once I read the forum discussion, it was much easier to be
strategic about building as many houses as possible, and raising the ground
level to protect them all. Multi tasking to do research while I built/upgraded
houses helped me reach levels 3 and 4.  I
now understand that the community connections are the most effective form of
insurance, particularly when there are fewer houses. At the higher levels,
insurance can be helpful to limit damage to many houses against a very severe
meteor, perhaps better than very high levels of protection (raising the
ground). Coordinating the balance between protection and insurance requires
heavy use of the research (knowledge). Understanding this balance and how it is
constantly in flux depending on the environment was a useful lesson from the
game for me.



I initially thought that some house locations in the
settlement were riskier than others (closer to cliff edge). This was not the
case, but I think that it would be interesting to add this to the game, as
people often choose to build in risky locations, either for aesthetic reasons
or out of lack of other options. This creates divides in the community between
those who have good sites and those who have risky sites, especially when it
comes to paying for the damage.