7944127

The role of risk management in the game is “mitigate”.  After played several times I realized how the
game works and what kind of trade-off I would look at. In my point of view, the
most important thing in the game is the insurance, especially in the beginning.
The second I would choose the protection, the high protection level you have
then more possible will get the “no damage“ outcome, so for the first level
what I would do is buy the highest insurance first then raise the protection
level to “first or second grade”( it depends on the development capability), at
the mean time I will keep at least 4 pods and upgrade the pods as high as
possible. The above measurements are compulsory whichever level I play. But for
the research part, I will ignore the low chance of hit comets careen, if the
severity and chance both are very high then it would be my priority to research.
Then I go for the chance of hit in middle level.

The first time I played, I did not realise how important the
protection level is. What I do just focus on the development and research.
Also, the insurance that I bought was the lowest one, so each time the comets
careen hit the more price I need to pay for the maintain.  

So the second time I played, the differences are the
following:

1.      
Purchase the 75% covered insurance at the beginning

2.      
Raise the protection level 

3.      
Research the high chance of hit an high severity
comets careen

The main things that I learned from the game are: 

1.      
Insurance is very important, it can cover part
of your lost therefore the risks are mitigated

2.      
Research. The huge lost normally caused by the
lack of knowledge, so we need to understand what kind of the risk that we need
to deal with, what is the likelihood of risk and what is the worst outcome if
it happens. The point is we need to understand the risk and prepare for the
risk.

3.      
Category risks. In the real world, we all have
the limited resources so there is no way that you can research all of risks and
prepare. So we need to category the risks, for those impact and likelihood is
very low risk we only deal with it only if resources are sufficient. To those
high likelihood and impact risks are our priority so when it show up then we
need to research and prepare.

4.      
Protection. Sometimes the risks are very hard to
predict and prepare, however, we still need to prepare the unknown risks and
minimise the risks. For instance, build the levee to prepare the flood, health insurance
to cover the medical cost. 

The change of the game I would like to add something that
can affect the comets careen, like the missile. The reason why is currently all
these measurements are trying to mitigate the risks which means risks are
cannot be avoid. But the fact is when we deal with something we can avoid the
risks if the risk is too big then we try to avoid the risk or not directly deal
with it. 

 

 

 