7946842

“The Risk in and out of Hand”

By:
Caroline A. Langcay

 

                The Risk Horizon Game is not easy like any other
arcade and strategy online games. It is a game where the foundation knowledge
on Risk and the factors affecting development of a country should be
well-coordinated and strategized to be able to ensure that a country can stand
amidst the risks that would come along the journey towards sustainability. 

 

                During the course of the game, I found out that
development of a country entails responsibility to a continuous process of
gaining knowledge on various aspects that would hinder goal achievement. There are
shocks that may come along during the time that you are on the process of
developing a country. Hence, the risks may in and out of hand because knowledge
is not enough to sustain development. A developing country should ensure that knowledge
on the shocks, like for example the comets in the game, would serve as basis to
develop protective measures that may be equal or more than the expected
severity on the impact of the shocks that may hit the country. Furthermore,
obtaining insurance that would be served as the country’s immediate
intervention for incurred damage is of great help so as not to exhaust the
country’s resources when a great impact or damage would hit the developing
country. Thus, it is worth saying that Risk Management played a vital role
towards the achievement of sustainable development because it ensures utilization
of resources and at the same time prevention of increased risk of death and loss.


 

                The first time I played the game, I would say that I
just plainly played it without even analyzing the pros and cons of the comets
(shocks) to the developing country under my control. But when I had experienced
the damage caused by the falling comets and its effects to the country I’ve
been developing, I feel so frustrated and at the same time determined to take
the challenge again ensuring that the damage caused by my over-confidence
behavior would not happen again. True enough, the time that I have won the first
level of the game and the succeeding level, I feel so fulfilled that I am able
to use the skills I have in order to ensure that the developing country at my
hand would not incurred so much damage like what happened during the first time
I played the game. I have researched about the shocks (comet) before it
actually hits the land and prepared for it through upgrading my pods,
strategized protective measures and of course obtained insurance that assisted
me in rebuilding the developing country once damaged. In addition to that, I’ve
come to realize that risks are uncontrollable, and a country would really have
to continue its effort to research, innovate ways on how to address the risks
and the root obstacles of risk management and development to be able to prepare
for accurate protective measures and the best insurance as the backbone of
mitigating measures in the risk management. 

 

                The game is a very good innovation and application of
risk management factors and aspects of development. It provided a venue of
realization that development alone in a country would perished if there are no
risk management strategies or efforts that would be at the forefront plan of
the government in collaboration with the private sectors. In the case of the
Philippines, that is also categorized as a developing country, it would be
better if the game would not only consists of falling comets (shocks) but also
other risks which may start from the basic foundation of the society, the family,
the community and of course the society at large. 

                