7946541

Risk management takes
a very important role in the game.  When
the community is developing, no matter upgrading or building new pods, if the
disaster comes, the community will suffer a lot of damage if there are no risk
management measures taken, which are risk preparations, like research,
protection, and insurance. Between knowledge, protection and insurance, if
resources allow, I will spend more on knowledge, protection and insurance.  But the proportions on these three sectors depend
on real situations of the organizations and the nature of risk (the possibility
and the severity of the risk), which could be done by cost-effective analysis.
Preparation for the risk affects development in different ways: in terms of
period, there are short-term and long-term affects; in terms of the scope,
there are internal and external affects. For example, if a developing country
is managing environment risk well nowadays, it will affect the country’s
long-term development and also other countries’ developments.

When I played the
game first time, I am not familiar with rules and tools, so it becomes better
when I played again after practice. When I played more than once, the big
difference is that I gain more knowledge of the game and the risk, so I began
to know trade-offs between severity and chances, risk and development, and
thought more about coping with risks (how to utilize the insurance and
community connections). The main thing I learned from the game is that risk management
is a complicated process, including preparations before risks, facing risks and
dealing with risks. Every procedure affects the final result of the
development. 

If I could change
the game, I will add “internal risks” to the game. So the game will get closer to real world. Actually, in the real world, we are facing a lot of risks, but we are
using different ways to cope with external risks and internal risks. So if people
could pay more attention on these two kinds of risks at the same time, it will
help to achieve the goal of resilience and prosperity. 