7948250

The role of Risk Management in the game showed how important it is to prepare the whole community in facing risks. That is why the components such as Protection, Insurance, and Research (knowledge) is very vital in every area of managing risk. For example, after the Typhoon Haiyan's devastation in the Philippines, the Government learned so many lessons. One of them was in the importance of the role of volunteers in building resilient communities. These volunteers, may it be from the private and public sector, can help in equipping the communities to be prepared during disasters. Also, thru capacity building efforts, the people will be educated and trained on how to be be preventive in terms of protecting not only their families from disaster, but also the community they live in.Through the game, i also learned that the government should ensure feasibility studies are available to determine the cost - benefit analysis of the  programs and projects being implemented that will address the risk. By determining the Cost Benefit Analysis (CBA), we would be able to identify who are the stakeholders involved in the program to be implemented vis-a-vis their clear role in building resilient families and communities.I have played the game more than once and i passed Levels 1 and 2, however when i started playing Level 3 i lost and it went back to Level 1 which was quite frustrating. In connecting this in real life situation, when we have started planning social protection programs without enough back up data, there is a tendency for our plans/programs to mismatch with the needs of the community/people or that there was no CBA conducted, hence more risk will emerge. Not only that, program mismatch will affect how we address the problem/needs of the community.For example, implementation of Social Protection services is one mechanism of the Philippine Government to respond to eradicating poverty. The Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) which was patterned from Bolsa Familia in Brasil was aimed at reducing poverty among the poorest of the poor families while making welfare programs conditional. The CCT aimed to address the Millennium Development Goals by enrolling children at school, getting regular check ups for the mother (pre-natal) and children, and even getting vaccines. CCT is one way of breaking the inter-generational cycle of poverty especially in developing countries like the Philippines, Latin America and Africa. Another component of Social Protection in the Philippines which i can relate to risk management is involving the Local Government Units in planning. This greatly help in identifying priority programs and services that could respond to the needs of their constituents. The Grassroots Participatory Budgeting Process (GPBP) is one approach of the government in addressing immediate needs at the community level. Through this, individuals and communities are able to contribute ways in managing and addressing risk at the local level. For example, in Manila there is a need to revitalize the role of Barangay Council on the Protection of Children (BCPC) to ensure that children in the community is protected from any form of abuse or violence. Hence the government fused its steering role through the Department of Social Welfare and Development by providing technical assistance along capacity building activities wherein all community leaders are trained on laws pertaining to protection of children. Going back to the game, If i were to add something it would be on "power ups". Power Ups are like other mechanism of the government that could help manage risk. For example, if one water pod already reached a certain level of development, power ups can further protect it from risks .