7949012

Risk
management play a key role in the game. Risk management deals  with:Identifying the risk and the prioritizing the impact and probabilityRisk Analysis and responseRisk MonitoringThe comet hitting
Alora is the identified risk that has  to be assessed for severity  and
resources had to be allocated to reducing the impact. Research was the key
component I used for success, knowing the severity of the impact and the
chances of the comet hitting enabled me to plan the use of my financial resources.
 The trade off was made protection
against development. Development is  costly venture and all other factors are tied into the level of development. The more advance your development the more costly your insurance and repairs. This lead to development taking place after all other measure to mitigate
risk had been put into place and there were sufficiently resources to allow further development and pay for repairs. 

I played the
game more than once, I did not realize in the first instant the need for research
and the manner in which I developed the village was too rapid raising the repair cost of the damages. Therefore in the next game play I focus on research and developed the
village  at a slower pace with all my
risk mitigating measure in place. Insurance played a key in reduce cost of the
damages because the issues was never if the event will happen and the extent of
the damage. It enable to keep my resource at a level to repair the damages and
allowed for continued development. I learnt the research and development is the
key to proper risk management, identifying the risk and its' impacts can allow
you to prepare for the risk and create opportunities. Resource management
played a very circuital role because a balance had to be obtained between
development and cost to repair damages. It also spoke to the level of
development, the higher the level of development the more cost the repairs.
Community connection was vital in reduce the level of damage after the event
and it speaks to the in reality. An informed community can work together to
reduce the impacts of the risk that they face.

 

To better
represent the risk management choices that matter to my environment I would
change the manner in which the damage and insurance is applied. Once the
insurance is purchase the entire village is covered. I would make the purchase
of insurance per pod giving a true reflection of village. Therefore not all
pods will be insurance or even at the same level also the level of impact is
the same throughout the village. Each pod can be impacted different varying the
cost of repairs. 

 