7950746

Game Reflection

Through this game I have learnt that by taking
appropriate protection against risks, a risk can be tackled completely if not
at least partially. In this game by increasing the protection slider to the
maximum level I was able to escape from being damaged many a times and also the
community building was quick. 

Research was one of the main tools that helped in
preparing for the shocks, as they gave a clear picture as to how terrific the
shock’s impact would be and also the chances of being affected by the risk, and
also by helping in creating community connections which helped in reviving the
situation without taking much time, from this I have also learnt the importance
of the community while encountering a shock, the community to a great extent
can help in managing the shock.

Community connection was also an eye opener in terms
of coping with the shocks, it is just not necessary to prepare for the shocks
but at times shocks can affect us more than what we have forecasted, in such
cases effectively and intelligently coping with the shocks by immediately
reacting to it can only help.

Next is the help of the insurance, this helps in
handling effectively the damaged caused when the financial capacity is not
great. Having an insurance policy helps us cope with the risk better at times
when our financial condition is low, thus it is better to have insurance when
we have sufficient money so as to stay unharmed severely when we have less
money.Also the fact that a damage has to be repaired first with the available resources than using it for conceiving new things is a main lesson from this game that i have learnt,  as we will not be left with just anything at the end if we fail to repair and only continue with new things. 

The role of risk management has proved to be very
vital. There were a lot of compromises that had to be made with regard to
money, money also plays a very vital role in managing and confronting risks,
but when the damage is nil or less it, the cost and benefit balance, at some
instances when the damage hits it becomes necessary to be more cautious and
spend the remaining money cautiously.

Initially when I played the game it took me sometime
to actually understand and then react, this stopped me from going beyond level-
4, but as I played it twice thrice I was able to make use of the various tools
more effectively thus the fact of previous experiences can make a very big
difference, thus it helped me reach level 5 quickly.

The change that I would propose to better represent
the risk management process would be to include the element of a sequenced risk
mapping process at the beginning of the game to ensure a more systematic way
and also it will contribute in learning how to tackle uncertainties that may
arise anytime, as ricks cannot be completely forecast-ed and planned for as
there always exists a considerable percentage of uncertainty.

 

 