7950488

In the second week on MOOC “Risk and Opportunity”, we had an assignment based on the online game, Risk Horizon. In this game, we have found out four goals of risk management. The first goal of risk management was the prevention of risk disaster (such as flood protection) in a deep uncertainty environment. The second goal was the analysis of risks and identification of relevant management actions that could alleviate successive shocks and pursuit opportunities.The third goal is the mitigation of losses and improvement of benefits that the community experience when they face risk and opportunity.The last is finding the ways to overcome risk management obstacles and avoiding losses.In this deep uncertainty environment, we choice “the robust decision making” option. Typically, reversible and flexible strategies in other to keep as low as possible the cost of being wrong about the current and upcoming comets (research), protection and insurance which may be difficult and expensive.Preparation (ex-ante risk management) for risk was costly to the development of the community; diminishing returns were the fact of live in the community immediately or after some time, since people who prefer to live in a flood-prone area where the construction cost may be too high.It is often difficult to predict in deep uncertainty situation. We could play the game once or more times, it is hard to say how we will do differently after the first time. But to be sober, a balance needs to be struck between resources, protection, and insurance. Insurance and protection systems can be adjusted in response to the arrival of new information on risks.Above all, avoid building many pods at the community. The higher the community rises, the more expensive it becomes to raise it further.The main lesson we learned from the game is that preparation is the key element to risk management. The community faced a systemic risk which called for collective management. In a deep uncertainty situation, acquiring knowledge which reduces uncertainty depends not only on information that people can access themselves but also on the quality of information that is provided by other social and economic systems such as protection and insurance.The communities that have limited resources are therefore more vulnerable to risks and more severely affected by losses may face poverty2traps. Because of this higher vulnerability, they cannot accumulate the necessary resources for protecting themselves from further losses in the future. These effects may impact negatively immediately or long after reconstruction needs after natural disaster crowd out longer-term development investment at the community.Protecting the community is very important, but can be expensive. People would prefer to live in a flood-prone areas, should know that the construction cost may be too high. Even when a risk mitigation investment is cost-effective from an economic perspective.Really the game captured, in a simplified way some aspects of risk management. Then, if we could develop a new version we could suggest adding coping with the effects (ex post risk management) that encompasses all actions that are taken once risk or alternatively an opportunity has materialized. Since, the game was referring to a deep uncertainty environment; instead, we could suggest contingency planning- processes, expertise, and institutions that can facilitate a flexible response to unexpected events as well as social norms (regulations) for community buildings in flood-prone area. And then, add an early warning system even when floods are supposed to be prevented by hard protection.