7956456

Risk horizon essay

The goal of this
game is to succesfully manage risks in order to sustain the
development of an off-world colony. Central to this theme comes the
balancing between knowledge about upcoming risks, protection against
them, and whether or not to get insured for potential costs
associated with the impact of these risks.

Knowledge quickly
becomes a factor in the decision making throughout the game. Should I
keep investing in buildings, or hedge against potential disasters
down the road? More accurate and precise information about these
disasters lowers their severity and impact. This is achieved through
looking on the “horizon” of the colony world, to see the
probability of a specific threat occurring, when and also how severe they
might be. Risks that have a greater severity level than one's
protection level, are quickly identified and targeted for further
research. 


One's own protection
level takes time to improve, and to succeed in the game you have to
keep this level reasonably high since it comes at a cost of further
development. In the beginning these costs are high compared to their
benefit, since you are starting out with few resources. Later on you
have hopefully paid the cost to raise this level, and should a severe
and highly likely threat arise, you can scale the protection level of
your colony to match this more evenly. This will in turn greatly
reduce the impact of the threat, and even eliminate some of them. For sustained development a growing level of protection is needed. 


Early on in the game
the disasters are unpreventable. A good way of dealing with them is
through insurance. For a cheap cost, you can effectively protect
yourself from up to 75% of the cost associated with rebuilding your
whole society, should a very big threat impact you. Since the
development level is very low, the time to get back on one's feet is
also very low compared to later on in the game. Much like the farmers facing the threat of famines and poor crops in certain parts of our world, insurance allows you to take risk.

A key learning point
in this game is that paying for insurance and protection, allows you
to invest a lot of your wealth in buildings or further development if you like. One of the reasons for
this is that you can more accurately estimate the downside of an
upcoming disaster.  On the other hand, you will also find that the
upside is also necessarily lower. Accepting the risks can be grueling
at most, but also rewarding at best. 


Throughout the game
it is an interesting thing to reflect on, that it's easy to grow
risk-averse in the later levels, as the stakes are high and the cost
of disasters in resources and time to recover are higher. Coming from
a fairly safe and risk-free corner of the world, it's hard to imagine
accepting risks of a magnitude like in this game.

