7959339

Before I actually hit the “Play”
button, I decided to click on the tutorial button first. The intention was for
me to study how the game works and to give me time to create strategies. On my
first attempt I was able to reach the 2nd level. I was feeling competitive
that I played the game for the 2nd time and was able to reach the 3rd
level (which I forgot to take note of the code). I have made several attempts
afterwards but got no progress to the 4th level.  Feeling frustrated, however, it made me
realized that failure doesn’t stop me from finding ways to improve my risk
management skills. It was difficult for me to find the perfect balance yet;
maybe when I get more in-depth study on risk management should I be able to
improve. 

There’s more benefit in preparation
for better risk management, and it is far more cheaper compared to possible
losses when shocks hit, but playing the game was a realization that when you
see a potential shocks/risks coming, the tendency is to find solutions that
will cover potential damages and losses.

I learned that a very good
research or to have enough information will help you make appropriate insurance
coverage and protection schemes. There was this tendency to spend more
resources for purchasing insurance and protection, while spending less time in
research and preparation.

Of course community support
system was highly encouraged in the game, the resiliency of the people also
rely on what kind of communal support they have in place. Another realization
and insight I got from the game was the collective efforts within and among the
members of the society is important, a cohesive community with trusted leaders
and networking for outside support were the characteristics that will help the
community to be successful in risk management.

If I will be developing a new
version of the game I will change the pod to islands to represent the communities.
It will better represent risk management choices because it represents different
characteristics that need different possible approaches and strategies. I believe
that levels of resiliency and opportunities are different from one community to
the other; hence correct and sufficient knowledge (info, data, etc) can help
determine how much insurance is needed, what types of protection to provide
that can help improve the coping skills of the people and the communities.