7970114

The role of risk management in the game was to prepare for
the threat of comet hitting an island and be more resilient to the effects of
the threat and be able to avert the possible damages during the time of crisis.
Moreover, it was to prepare and cope with the risk by properly utilizing the provided
resources along with developing the region (World of Alora which is an ‘Island’).Everything has an opportunity cost. In the game, since the
resources (time and finance) were limited, the trade-off rose while making
choice among the different tools of preparation (protection, research and insurance)
for risk management in the island along with developing the region at the same
time.  The common trade-offs that I confronted in terms of
knowledge, protection and insurance are that, firstly, if it is to gain
knowledge then we have to give up the level of protection and vice-versa, since
we cannot carry out the task at the same time.  Though research didn’t required any finance
but it required the time that can be used to develop the island or increase the
protection level.  Similarly, while
dealing with insurance and protection the trade-off was related with finance. Furthermore,
there was trade-offs between preparation for risk and development of the
region. If more resources was allocated for preparation then there would be
minimum resource left for development and vice versa.As stated before, preparation for risk has a trade-off with
development. If preparation is given more importance, then the development will
slow down and vice-versa. However preparations for risk also have positive
affects towards development. A good preparation for risk provided knowledge regarding
the possibility of its occurrence, severity and its outcomes which aided in
reducing the uncertainty and vulnerability for the risk. After playing the game for the first, the things that I did
differently in the second game was that I prioritize every tools equally which I
failed to do in the first attempt. Moreover, I kept protection in my first
priority and giving research and insurance the subsequent priority. It is
because if we strengthen protection then it will definitely help in diminishing
the effects of the possible danger. Alongside, we should research and be
insured so that to ensure that risk is managed effectively and efficiently. If I was allowed to change or add a simple thing in the game
then I would add a feature of effective communication regarding the risk. This would
matter a lot in the place I am from because all the people here are not that
aware regarding risk. So, this would make the region more aware and prepared in
the time of crisis. Eventually this leads to effective measures taken by people
when risk occurs.













Finally, the things that I have learned while playing the
game is that protection, research and insurance should be given equal priority
while developing. While doing this, the resources available also should be
carefully considered so that the best possible outcome can be derived from it. In
this way we can effectively manage risk and prevent it from being a crisis.