7970040

Risk management
in the game started from the word go. The relevance of risk management was
palpable throughout the entire game from beginning to end. The game, risk horizon
sought to test the abilities of the players in development as well preparation
for and coping with risks.

On more
than one occasion, I was faced with quite a number of options:

Slow down development by increasing
protection and researchingIgnore research, focus on protection
and developmentBuy a large insurance package which
although expensive ensures there is enough support when a shock is experienced
resulting in damagesResearching more resulting in less
time for protection. This made predictions more accurate and bought me enough
time to garner community support in the event of a shock. 







In all
these scenarios, there always was the propensity to do one thing at the expense
of another, however, balance played a key role. One could never have it all
enough as such, frequent tradeoffs occurred between various aspects of risk
management.

Creation or
upgrading of pods ensured there was a large cash inflow, especially as you
progress in the game. This was good because it provided enough resources for
protection, insurance and coping in the event of a shock. However, the more
time spent on creating and upgrading pods, the less time spent on research and
this denied the opportunity to adequately judge the chances of a hit, the severity
of the damage anticipated as well as drastically reduced time for recovery
after a hit.

In another
instance, the temptation to “over protect” resulted in less available funds for
development – creation and upgrading of pods. Although we were well protected,
a large portion of the area remained under developed.

Purchasing of
(large) insurance packages, invariably led to a moral hazard where caution was
thrown to the wind with regards to protection. The knowledge that there was a
good insurance package culminated in little attention being paid to protective
measures on the ground.

In the
pursuance of enough knowledge (research), protection was sacrificed to some
extent. Also, attention paid to one shock or potential hazard limited the
information that could be obtained by studying other hazards. Learning more
about one set of shocks made us vulnerable to other shocks which although were
foreseen, were not adequately studied to ensure maximum protection from their
effects in the case of a hit.

One change
that I would make to the game Risk Horizon is to permit research on all comets
so that adequate preparations (knowledge, protection and insurance) can be made
on all shocks that are visible.