7971372

My reflections on
Risk Horizon game

Risk management entails preparing
for and coping with possible loss while seeking opportunities offered by taking
risks. The risk management goals of building resilience, understanding the risk
chain, making trade off of available resources of time and money had a very
important role to play for succeeding in the game.

 It was challenging to undertake the
building and upgrading of pods and developing community effectively while
allocating resources for :Researching to reduce uncertainty in
the knowledge of severity and probability of the comet's impact,Taking protection of adequate levels
to restrict the impact,Having suitable insurance to help
cope with the aftermath of the impact,Avoiding or reducing the extent of
damage to minimize coping efforts in terms of time and money.Initially I was focusing more on
insurance and I changed subsequently to focus more on avoiding or reducing
the impact by combination of protection and research. The reduction of coping effort
was a key learning as I tried to focus more on preparation.

 When starting a level, till the
severity and probability of hit was low, I opted for taking no insurance and
"low" protection which I built up gradually. I added insurance when
the first comet with "high" severity and "high" probability
of impact showed up in research. Of course high and low initially were
subjective, but as I played on, I started quantifying them based on number of
bars and their colour.Thus, I progressed from a nearly ad
hoc approach to more of a policy building process as I played more.

A major learning was that
researching to reduce uncertainty was important because rebuilding after a
impact had a higher cost in case of inadequate research. So I kept my priority
in the following order :Build pod,Simultaneously Research comet,In case the comet's severity and
probability of impact is high - delay building pods, take insurance, focus on
research and upgrading protection.In case the comet's severity and/or
probability of impact is low - research less and build more pod while upgrading
protection to meet pod's severity of impact.Once insurance has been taken focus
more on research and upgrading protection if the severity of impact is higher
than existing protection.If severity of impact is low and
existing protection is sufficient, focus on building or upgrading pods.There will be different combinations
of knowledge, insurance, protection and coping which may be equally efficient
or better to reach the goals of game depending on risk appetite and risk
perceptions. If it was not a individual player's decision, the decisions may
have been different.In case I have to change one thing
in the game, I will prefer to add a bit more complexity by varying the rate of insurance premium 
in each level with the number of pods built by player before taking the
insurance.

For example the rate of premium for getting
insured were same whether I took it right at the beginning of a level or if I
took it after building or upgrading some pods in that level.

I propose a lower cost of
insurance if there is no pod built (or upgraded) in a level. The cost of
insurance will increase with number of pods built (or upgraded) in that level.
Thus if I take insurance at the beginning of a level, it will be cheaper while
if I take it after I have built (or upgraded) some pods, then depending on
finished pods, the premium will be higher in same level. This, in my view, will make the
decision making more challenging.