7976947

Q1. What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

Role: Knowledge to understand the
     dimension of these systematic socks, tools for good preparation and
     effective intervention. The quality of risk management affects the level
     of development.
 Choices and trade-offs: Invest
     in knowledge, especially when initial likelihood of the event happening
     was closer to 50% rather than very low or high. The money paid for insurance
     and level of protection depended on the probability and intensity of the
     risk. More knowledge and protection reduced damage; while better insurance
     made repairs cheaper. Since resources were limited, it was necessary to
     determine to determine an optimal number of pots. The higher the number,
     the less $ available to assure conditions for development. Using one
     resource reduces the availability of the others.
 Preparation affects
     development in both the short term and in the long-term: Lower negative
     impact and faster recovery (reduced vulnerability for future socks).
 

Q2. If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played
the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

 

After first
     time: More investment in
     knowledge to understand the dimension of risk. Take advantage of community
     collaboration.
 

Lessons:
 

I. To develop the community, using
knowledge, protection and insurance is not enough. Investing resources in
upgrading the pots is necessary.

 

II. Investing in
knowledge is profitable. Either
you have enough information to choose less protection/insurance (without bad
results), or you invest in insurance and protection, avoiding higher losses.

 

III. Insurance. The greater the coverage is, the
cheaper it is to repair damages. It is  Important to assess all
options since resources are scarce.

 

IV. Importance of
communal support. Even when
there is risk management, losses occur. Communal support helps dealing with
damages.



Q3. The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

This game
helps representing potential negative socks and how to deal with them, but it
doesn´t show the opportunity side. Generating hydraulic energy from the waves
caused by the impacts, using the rocks from the comets to build a protective
wall, etc. are only some options in which the community could benefit from the
comets. I would add an option to also be able to spend resources on exploiting
an opportunity. For example, having the option to start spending money on
building a wall in the first level and continue doing it throughout the rest.
So in the fifth level, you could end up with a wall that reduces the need for
protection and insurance.