7979214

In the game, risk
management is all about confronting the risk, preparing for them and managing
with their effects. First of all, game strategy is developing the community
while meeting many problems along the way. According to me, I chose to make
more and more pods to save the community from the harmful effects. But I also
did some compromises such as by taking the low budget insurance. In addition, I
needed more money for upgrading the pods. So, I decided to buy the normal
insurance policy. That will be helpful for achieving the goal. I think
knowledge part was so much important for preparation of risk development.

In my point of view, when
I played the game merely once I took some time to understand the rules and
strategies. Therefore, I was not able to finish the task in the first time. I had
lack of information about the game. But
when I tried it second time, I had understood the game policies. It was not as
hard as it was first time. Playing any game for the first is a different sort
of experience. We always need time and good knowledge about the game. If you follow
the rules in the right way then it is easy to catch and more chances to win the
game. When I played the game more than once I used the different tactics and
tried not to do the same mistakes, which I had done on the first place. I
learned things that I would have used the resources on the right place. Apart
from this I learned that time is most valuable commodity. In addition,
preparation, knowledge and obtaining insurance to save the community from the
harmful effects. But practice required for every game. All the things of risk
management such as knowledge, time and money are equally important in this
cycle. 

Finally, Risk management is
not only restricted to controlling the threats and also reducing their negative
effects. It also involves risk avoiding as well as risk taking. Every work had
different sort of risk. Sometimes, we avoid the risk but sometimes we take the risk.
First, I would add things that help people to understand easily. I would add a
webpage and people browse through game instructions in detail. This kind of
strategy may seem little strange in the beginning but once people begin it will
be more effective and also surprise with the outcomes. 