7980703

1.The
role of risk management in this game was to achieve the highest level of
development as possible, in a short time and given the possibility to mix
knowledge, protection and insurance.

In
other words, we can achieve development only if we keep the right balance
between:  protection, insurance and research/knowledge.  Practically,
while my main goal was the development of the pods by handling protection,
research/knowledge and insurance, there was this other matter  that was
very important in this game: reducing damages, or even better, avoiding them. By
this, I didn’t waste time with recovery and I gained it for development.

 In my opinion, too much time and too many
resources used in preparation for risks affects the development on a long term.
We must never forget our main goal and the fact that most of the hazards are
inevitable. We have to be prepared for shocks and manage them. 

 

2.I
must admit I played the game many times. My biggest mistake was actually the
fact that I either kept my protection on a too high level or my insurance or my
research; and let’s not forget the fact that there were times when I was
concentrating only on upgrading my pods.  

I
realized that risk management requires all of them as a perfect mix. My
strategy was to place all the pods in the first level of the game, buy a
minimum insurance, ensure a minimum and constant protection, monitor the comets
and do the required research equal to the severity of the hit. As I passed to
the next levels, I continued by upgrading my pods and took care, proportionally,
of the other variables. 

The
main things I learned from this game is that risk management is a very
important tool for development and that we must be prepared for risks, confront
them and cope with their effects.

 

3.The fact that I
liked the most about this game is that the pods were always productive and  there was no worry about financial resources.
 In a real business environment we confront
with bankruptcy, failure or insolvency. In order to make the game more
realistic and provocative I would add some financial engineering aspects . So,
when you run out of resources you will have the alternative  to appeal at loans or external financing and
find intelligent ways to reimburse. Also, to deepen the game I think I would
add environmental and social challenges. Another propose would be to have the
possibility to play the game as a team, and even assign specific tasks for each
of the members.

