7985976

1.    
Firstly, the risk in the game is the comet damaging
and destroying the pods you built in the city, so the game offers facilities to
handle with the risk, beginning with previous knowledge of the risk as a result
of the respective number of comets, so doing the research process in the game
would be only useful in the beginning before the risk happen as I have
experienced during the play. And after we diagnose the risk, we make the
arrangements to confront the risk either to pay for a protection or insurance.
In this process we should balance between the pods we have built and the
insurance or protection we are going to get in order to maintain it. After we
purchase the insurance or pay for the protection, we begin to build the pods,
regarding that usually we should left a balance for the coping process if the
risk taken place. After building the pods to develop the city, the risk of comets
will take place, and the damage it causes will vary according to the
confrontation and the development processes we have made previously. After the
risk happen, it will destroy the pods and damage the development, so here we
are going to cope the effects by repairing the pods.

2.    
I have learned that as more we build, the damage of
risk will be less, because of the diversification policy that usually leads to
a reduction in risks. Also, confronting risks by insurance or protection only
would be useful in the beginning, after that we should only continue to build.
After playing again and again, I have concluded that there should be risk, in
the first time I have paid all the balance for insurance and protection, but
this won’t have anything to do with the damage I held as a result of hitting. And
I can summarize my main experience with the words of the game “everything we do
has some cost, whether in time or resources, such is the way of the world,
where nothing comes easily”.

3.    
I can take as an example in my country the risk of
unemployment. In order to develop a new version that will help in understanding
this risk, we should add facilities to the game, where we can build industries,
create work opportunities as instruments of protection against the risk, and to
cope with the effects by governmental grants.