7987477

I think this is a great game with lots of trade-offs being used. When I started playing this game I won't go beyond level 1 even in 5 attempts. I was investing in protection  insurance,heavily, but nothing in up-gradation (or knowledge). So,in subsequent attempts, I started setting up huge number of Pods without much needed up-gradation. Again,I'm struck at level 2. I tried setting up half a number of pots with continuous up-gradation without much needed protection (or research). That too didn't help me much in going beyond level 2. Slowly-2,I realized I need to build small number of Pods(2-4) upgrade them on continuous basis, keep insurance proprtionate to the value of Pods and keep increasing the protection. No compromise with that one!At level 1,I built 3 pods,upgraded them,bought the cheapest insurance  invested pretty good on protection. By the time level 2 appeared, I had 3 level 3 pods and one level 2 pod with middle range of insurance,I invested,heavily, on insurance at this stage. I learnt to keep protection according to the upcoming comets. At level 3,I had 4 level 4 pods,mild value insurance  8-point protection. I couldn't cross level 4. If I am to play again I'll use lesser number of pods at beginning  increase one with every level.There were so many trade-offs in the game. Between knowledge-protection, protection-insurance, insurance-knowledge, all of them together. What I learnt from the game is we need to keep basic resources at first,insuring them at little value while increasing the protection  up-gradation side-by-side. Protection,clearly, reduces the need for Insurance but doesn't replaces it at all.So,all the three components are must.If I am to suggest something? I'll say,umm, I'm from India. Here, population is huge  resources are,undoubtedly, a few. People create SHGs(Self Help Group) to mitigate their sufferings which work on the principle of subsidiarity. So,in the game when government bought the insursnce  set-up different pods. I'd like if insurance takes its contribution from pods rather than lump-sum. That'd be all,folks! Thank you for reading!