7989734

The game “Risk Horizon” is interesting. You will play the
role of a stakeholder. The challenge is to develop a community but comets fall
into the ocean nearby creating destructive waves. In order to manage this risk,
there are several options available: raise the land (preparation), insurance and
research (this results in time to create connections to boost your protection). The idea is to find the balance between
development and risk management because they all take resources (money
and time). If all the money is spent on development, there will be tremendous
losses that will hinder development. On the other hand, if we spend most of the
money on preparation, there would be no development. 

During my first games, I did not have a strategy. After a few
games, I defined one. My priorities were in the following order: develop,
protect, insure, research. I would invest as much money on protection as
possible. I would only buy insurance if the comet’s magnitude exceeded my
protection (see below). I would rarely manage to
do research because the controls were difficult to handle, and they will
consume most of my time. Even with this strategy, I never managed to make it
pass level 3. This game makes clear that avoiding risk management
will hinder development. The most catastrophic events are associated with no
protection. I think his is the most important lesson.

The most difficult thing to manage was time. I felt like the
game pace was very hard to keep. Controls are not very friendly, especially for
research. Plus, I was playing on a laptop, so it was very uncomfortable. One
glitch of the game is related to insurance, you can wait until a strong shock
is coming to buy it, which does not happen in reality. I guess, I would try to
find a different way to do research that does not require leaving the mouse cursor
on the comet, and I would offer the option to buy insurance either at the beginning
of each level or at some points where the user does not know what is going to
happen. There should also be a control for speed (I would suggest to take a
look at the game “Civilization”). Let users know it is recommended to
play with a mouse. And please, let users make accounts so they can continue where they left off and save progress and records.