7992286

Playing the game has helped to reinforce the importance of research, protection, insurance and coping (rebuilding) in the development process. I was able to evaluate the risk a particular comet posed, and make a decision on whether or not to raise the protection level or buy more insurance, or to continue building and upgrading. The more attempts I made at the game, the better my assessment and decision making capability became. Also, the parallels to “real-world” development became more apparent in that, these are decisions faced on national and local government projects on a routine basis. However, unlike the game, the investment decision is shared by many parties, and it is often very difficult to reach consensus on the need for a particular project, and to assess its value in terms of the overall risk management of a local or national government entity. Few countries in the region where I work and live use sophisticated risk research and probability algorithms in their decision making process, and investments are often driven by political need and pressure from the voting public. The private sector also operates somewhat independently in terms of its risk assessment, unless coerced through the requirements of legislation. One example is the mining industry, which has transferred the cost of its risks to the public by only doing the minimum in terms of protecting against damage to ground water systems. As a result, the government was then forced to address the problems that stemmed from the mines inaction on groundwater protection, in order to mitigate risk to the public. This highlights the need for coordination among various entities, stakeholders and projects. The game addresses this using the issue of community connection going into effect as a mitigation measure before the effects of a shock event are felt. In the game, the outcomes of connection are always represented by a positive minimization of impact/damage. The game also emphasizes the positive effects of investing in protection and insurance systems. I also realized that a slower but more careful and insured/protected development pattern, especially with the highest value of insurance purchased early on, leads to successful clearance of each successive level. Spending all resources on development activity and foregoing research, protection and insurance activities tends to have the opposite effect, and leaves one rushing to rebuild after shock, but with very limited resources. The game presents the process in an interesting format, however, can be improved by modeling multiple party decision making. 