7992222

In the game
risk management plays an important role. By evaluating the risk and constant
forecasting you need to avoid or minimize the impact of shocks. This can be
done by prioritizing the possible chance of a risk happening and evaluating the
impact of an shock.

There are
different choices in the game : 

·        
Doing
research which help to boost your protection, by connecting the communities
(knowledge activity)

·        
Protect
yourself by raising the island and thereby reducing the impact of the shock
(protection activity)

·        
Buying
insurance with which you can rebuild more efficient (insurance activity)

·        
You
can let the (reduced) shock take place and find a way to rebuild the community by
taken well into account the time and money available after a shock. (Coping
activity)

 

There is a
need to balance the choice and not only focus on one of the four choices. You
have to balance your timing well between the different activities.

The first
time I played the game, I was more concentrating on to have as much income as
possible and was less focusing on the shocks and the impact of the shocks. After
the first time you begin to learn more and more to focus on other choices, finally
ending in balancing the choices. I have learned from the game that you need to have
a lot of patience to find a well-balanced strategy. But losing patience was
more the result of a very slow internet in Bujumbura, Burundi which made if
very time consuming to start the game.

To make the
game easier to play, you first need have a smaller application that will work
in countries with slower internet connections :-)

To make it
easier to play you could think about a measuring tool to find out where risk do
show up if you do not take sufficient mitigating measure. If you do not do
enough research for example a sliding meter could turn red, the same for the
other type of activity. With the four meters there could be an extra meter to
measure balance. This improvement could give a visualization of different
strategies, which make balancing more easy and understandable.

 