7993178

1.         Risk
management in the game was intended to ensure development of robust pods and to
provide protection to minimize damage from comets. Risk was transferred by
insuring the pods developed, and protection was constantly raised, even as
research was frequently carried out to gain knowledge on the next comet. I
chose moderate insurance, and I decided to develop a few pods at a time, and
tried to repair them all each time they were damaged. I aimed at raising
protection consistently, and found that the trade-off I made frequently was knowledge
against protection levels. Preparation for risk minimized damage to pods and
thus lessened repair costs, which translated into development that was more
consistent and long lasting. Preparation in terms of insurance meant that the
insurance paid for any damage to the pods, thus saving costs. 

2.      
After
playing the first time, I increased protection more frequently and tried to
keep my eyes on the horizon, and I also opted for the medium insurance package.
I also repaired all pods every time they were damaged. I learned that risk
management averts damages and prevents development setbacks.1  I understood from the game how
forecasting capacity can be helpful in minimizing damage, and I learned that
inability to manage the risks can jeopardize development goals.2  It became clear to me while playing the game
that it is important to decide on a proper balance between taking on risk and
preparing for it, or acting only after a shock has occurred.3 A good
balance of knowledge, protection, and insurance constitute important blocks in
preparation and coping.4 During the game, coordination failures by
myself were obstacles to risk management.5  These coordination failures may have been
caused by my internal condition of not being so good at playing online games,
and nervousness.

3.      
One
simple thing I would add would be construction of dams to contain floods as my
area is prone to flooding during the long rains season. The dams would be
constructed at the same time as pods are developed.

Notes

1, 2, 3, 4, 5: world bank
report 2014, Chapters 1 and 2