7995236

Risk Management essentially underlies the entire game. The process of ensuring development and evaluating the risk(meteors) simultaneously is possible only through a cost-benefit analysis, an aspect that is integral to risk management. The game also calls for quick but prudent decisions to be made, something that again requires effective risk management. Trade offs are also central to efficient management, since nothing comes without an opportunity cost, and this game teaches us to calculate this opportunity cost and accordingly decide what is best for the community's holistic development. The preparation required, i.e. knowledge, protection and insurance all have opportunity costs in terms of the money required to acquire each of them. Through a cost-benefit analysis, we see that investing in each of these in a systematic manner is a favorable trade off, since the long term effects of all three are conducive to development. The game teaches us that preparation for effective risk management is a systematic and orderly process, not a haphazard one. It is important to acquire a certain level of knowledge before taking a step towards protection measures, since knowledge regarding the risk is crucial to preparing for it. The trade off of having to spend money to acquire the knowledge is a logical step since it helps gauge the level of insurance and protection required from the impending risk. Once knowledge is acquired, protection in the form of elevating the island above sea level is carried out. This too, comes at a cost, which is worth it nonetheless, since a higher elevation reduces the chances of damage. Finally, although protection has been taken, turning it up a notch higher by insuring against damage is always a safer option. Although this too costs us money, the long term effects of this trade off are worth every penny spent. Taking these steps systematically was directly proportional to better management, increased development  and lesser damage. Efficient implementation of the same also helped me achieve a zero damage level many a times. Thus, risk preparation is crucial to better development.The game also teaches us the importance of making quick yet prudent decisions. In reality, risks may not come announced all the time, and at such times, making efficient decisions is the key to better management. I played the game twice, and the second time I learned to invest in trade offs that I was apprehensive of in the first trial. Investing in the trade offs in a calculated manner was the key to ensuring lesser/no damage.If I could change an element of the game, I would probably add a reward of a time extension(by, say, 10 seconds) for every time an individual overcame a meteor shock without causing any damage to the community whatsoever. In reality, the externality of effectively dealing with a risk is the awareness spread regarding efficient ways to deal with further such crises. This could be represented in the game through a time extension for every successful attempt at completely avoiding damage.