7995834

Proper risk management help in controlling the loss. The intensity of loss could be reduced if proper measures are taken in advance to cope up with the future uncertain situations.When the chances of hit is more then focus must be on protecting your existing pods, when severity is more then the focus must shift from protection towards insuring your pods, in order to compensate the loss to great extent through an insurance policy. Research must be done at initial stage itself, so that the direction in which one has to go to manage the risk is accurate.When the severity and chances of hit is more then attention should be paid on protecting the existing pods rather than developing it whereas if the severity and chances of loss is less then you can go ahead for the development of the pods. This will reduce the amount of loss which you would have actually incurred if the development of pods wouldn't be considering its situations. Being well prepared for the risk or uncertain situation keeps you away from incurring heavy loss. The intensity of damage is reduced.When I played the game once, I was not covering all the aspects for managing risk. My main focus was on increasing the protection and quick development of pods. After taking few more attempts, I realized the importance of research and insurance as well. Without conducting a proper research you cannot move further to manage your risk because the path or direction in which you are moving would be unclear and ambiguous. Insurance also plays a vital role. If the severity of loss is more, the emphasis should be on taking insurance as it reduces the burden of cost which has to be incurred for its repair or reinstatement. Time constraint is also one of the major factor which should be given importance while risk management. Planning things well in advance for any uncertain circumstances helps to deal with that situation in the most effective and efficient way.Given a chance to add a component to the game, one component I would have added is to breakdown the situation into specific areas and ask what are the
foreseeable risks with each specific area.

