7996701

The role of risk management in the game was to let the
participant use the interlinked components of risk management. We had to use
knowledge in order to understand the shock. This was represented by research
activities as a mean to reduce uncertainty. We were practicing using protection
in order to reduce the probability and size of losses and insurance (three
levels). In case the risk happened we were supposed to practice with coping
using the links among the community and then use our own savings to fix the
damage while other risks may occur. The main risk was to balance resources
among knowledge (research), protection and Insurance. Time was a constraint and
balancing the available resources was not easy. I tried several time in order
to understand how to use tools and balance them. Risk preparation was directly correlated
with development. Some time I had to give priority to risk preparation and I
left implementation behind. I could succeed in the game only when I could find
the right balance.

I played the game more than once. In the beginning I did not
understand clearly the research function and that affected my judgment in using
the other tools. Once I became familiar I could identify the risk that was more
relevant for me and I could adjust the other tools. I also put too much emphasis
on insurance while I discovered that a good balance with protection was more
important. I also understood on how much invest into development since when I
invested much I was not prepared. Even here the good balance was acquired after
several plays.

If I was tasked to improve the game I would improve the
function of research in order to calculate the likelihood of the damage in
comparison with insurance and protection. The game should provide an integrated
approach that should result in a visual representation of the tools mentioned
before. I would also add some more emphasis on the community support not only
when the risk materialized but also before. This should be reflected through an
increase speediness of the green bar.  

