7997975



Peer assessmentsGame reflection exercise

In that
game, we had to develop a high technological society somewhere in the universe.
The planet on what we had to build our city was constantly exposed to the risk
of a collision with an asteroid. We can easily make the comparison with some
regions of the Earth, such South Asia (Bangladesh and India for example) which
undergoes every year major floods during the rainy season. These countries,
which have a great potential for growth in the recent and large movement of
globalization, have to face multiple challenges about their risk management.

During the
game, I have tried to growth my city as quickly as possible. Since collisions
are often repeated, I have invested a lot in insurances by taking the 75 %
coverage. I was also spending a lot on protection by raising the level of the
ground. But there was a problem : my city was not growing enough fast because I
was missing money to build and improve my buildings, so I had to change my strategy
after level 2 by reducing insurance costs (past to 50 % coverage) and
protection costs(reduce the raising of the ground). 

This game
showed me why some less developed countries cut in their risk management
(protection, insurance and knowledge); because they are struggling to grow,
they will prefer to put much money as possible on their economic development, which
they believe to be more profitable. They will close their eyes on possible
disasters to save money. But when that disaster will happen, they will have to
pay high bills in repair, which will undermine their economic growth. I have
also seen that investing in good insurance and protection strategies is more
profitable when unfortunate event occurs; final costs are reduce and
consequently, major impacts on economic and development are avoided. But having
a good risk management strategy can become too expensive and slow economic development
(as I have experienced after level 2). It’s why I think finding the right
balance between cheaper but good risk management policies and a reduced but
sustained economic growth can be the best solution on a long-term, and even a
mid-term basis. 

Even if
this game takes into principal account the interlinked components of risk
management (knowledge, protection and insurance), I think it should pay attention
on a  social  dimension. For example, it would be interesting
to know the living conditions of the population, and how these conditions
change after each disaster (in occurrence an asteroid’s collision). Then, we
could act to try to ameliorate them. Also, we could have a bonus objective of
reducing the number of dead (if there are) after each collision, by creating a
program of learning about how to react to an asteroid’s collision and implanting
a system to warn people of the approach of the large rock, for example. Thereby,
we would have to confront an additional challenge in term of knowledge. 