7998394

Risk management is defined as a set of balanced practices that can
sustain the economic and social growth, along an evolutionary trend. Such development
will on one side strengthen people’s resilience and mitigate the negative outcomes
of adverse circumstances, and on the other side it will set the grounds for
taking advantage of forward looking opportunities for empowerment. 

Translating the managerial teaching into the sphere of the Risk Horizon
game, it is possible to clearly detect what are the different elements that come
into play as if in a real life scenario. The goal of the game is to develop a
desert territory by building houses and enlarging them until completion. Through
means of an initial given budget and the collection of revenues from the houses
time by time constructed, the player undertakes further investments to boost
the growth of the village. In this context, the risk of negative outcomes is
represented by the fall of meteorites, which bring destruction and cause
additional expenses for recovery.  In order
to protect from and hedge this risk, one of the measures that are available to
the player is the possibility of buying insurance to reduce recovery expenses. By
using only this instrument the player can avoid a big proportion of the losses
incurred, but the continuous expenses required will leave no savings for
undertaking investments for expansion. 

The first empiric punch-line, hence, teaches that it is very difficult to
sustain development only through means of protective measures against risks. Indeed,
the first times I played the game, I immediately recognised the need of
providing my investments with an insurance protection, but I quickly understood
that that was not enough for achieving the goal of the game. Meteorites were continuously
falling and my territory was always under attack and recovery.

When considering the other instruments I had available to play, I
focused on research about each
meteorite, its likeliness of hitting my village and the size of its eventual impact.
I realized that the more I was spending on research and forecasting activities,
the less my territory was hit, and therefore I could invest my revenues in
further expansion, with nearly no need of recovery expenses. With this
technique I could be able to develop my village, improve my finances, and reach
the last level of the game. 

The theoretical implication associated to this strategy is that pre-emptive
measures against the occurrence of negative outcomes are even more powerful than
protective insurance for repairing the damage once occurred. A combination of knowledge,
research, protection and insurance, that means a well-balanced risk management
strategy, turns out to be necessary for an economically sustainable
development.

Should I think of a further difficulty to add to the game, that would represent
another real life risk, I would introduce random budget losses. The interpretation
of such unexpected, unpredictable and non-periodic occurrences would stand for
the uncertainties faced by the investor (or trivially a common household), as
the amounts estimated for a project (eg. building a house) may easily turn out
to be higher than expected, or savings temporarily invested for example in
stocks (in the period of financial accumulation before having the complete endowment
to finance the project) may be subject to downturns in value and loss in
capital. 

To the purpose of developing the territory, considering all said risks,
the investor would severely need to find the correct balance in his strategy to
optimize skills and resources and make the best use of them for experiencing
growth.