8003078

 

1.Risk Management enabled me to efficiently
prepare and get timely insured for the adverse effects caused as and when
Comets hit the community. Through a valid research of a particular comet, I
could instantly obtain information about the comet (future shock) in terms of
its severity or chances of hit and was able to prepare and cope accordingly.
Insurance at times helped me recover from the damage to the pods in case a
severe comet hit the community. Based on the updated information for the comet,
protection helped me raise the land level above the sea level thus timely
minimizing my losses and maximizing the development benefits.

For some period I had to spend time on
research understanding the severity of the future shock of comet hit and let
the development process continue on its own. This ultimately helped me better
prepare for the coming damage to the pods.

Spending money for more development or
risk preparation was a planned decision that was required at every moment of
the game. Risk preparation in terms of doing adequate research or shedding
money to buy protection or insurance did hinder the current development but at
the same time it reduced my potential downside in case a more severe comet hit
the community.

 

 

2. I played the game only once and if I
were to play again I would lay more emphasis on doing research for a comet and
better weigh its severity and chances for hit and then go for the option of taking
more protection or insurance or just a meagre community risk share would work.

The thing to learn was that it’s not only
about the information received for future shock. One needs to better analyse
and interpret the information about the shock and must prioritize its risk
management techniques. Failing to do so would hurt the person financially or in
other ways too as we saw in the game community risk sharing was cheaper than
protection which was cheaper than insurance.

 

 

3.  I found the game apt considering it covered
the basic components of Risk management at every point of time. Additionally I
think if somehow each pods had different internal conditions which affected
their relation with external conditions each pod would then had a different immune
level for the risk, the game could have been more complex and interesting. Based
on each pods risk- tolerance level I could allocate risk protection.

 

 