8004728

Despite the game was a kind of linearly basic, it was quite interesting and convergent to what we have yet learned in the course. The central challenge was how to responsibly protect me emerging country (village) while still prudently manage my limited financial resources to sustain the economic development. It was a typical cost-benefit analysis as we learned during the second week. My initial choice was to take to accept the very low risk of damage to the account of development, channeling the resources more towards the construction while relying on very primitive risk management protection (Fences and neighborhood cooperation). After I expanded the city I started to have the financial resources needed to buy insurance. It wouldn't actually be wise to invest in the insurance before while I had no serious properties to defend. My best and cost free mean of risk management was to informatively follow up with the potential threats and act accordingly in an ex-ante basis. It was quite challenging to outweigh between the risk (probability of damage) and opportunities (The profit I would forge if I invested in protection, while I would still have got more time to do it later when I am more developed).I played the game more than once. What has improved compared to the first time is my confidence, experience, and knowledge. I invested less in the fence development and became more responsive in the coordination and community cooperation. I also invested in the insurance in more resourceful way and developed a more systematic way of spending on both the fences and insurance (Percentage of income-after certain minimum- for instance).  What I learned the most is that "Risks should not stop the development. It cannot be neglected but it shouldn't be also take my central attention from the sustainability of the development process. In the place where I live, according to my cognition, it is the education what is centrally causing all the other coinciding problems. Extremism, individualism, dictatorship, corruption, illiteracy, insecurity, violence, crimes, poverty, diseases, unemployment, stagflation,...,etc. As far as I am concerned I will take the game to more advanced and sophisticated level by adding the elements of population, security, urban development. There are some more advanced games which already stimulate all of these factors together.          