8007433

Under this game my task is to build
up and develop the community with my capability while meeting certain
milestones along the way (the green tube). These milestones are indicated by level
marked on the development bar. I have to fill up my development bar by building
and upgrading pods on the earth. Each pod will help increase my rate of
development. In the same time I have to protect my earth from falling comets.
These comets careen into the water and cause waves that may destroy my earth as
well as hinder the improvement of my earth. I have balance between growing my
earth and preparing for the risk form comets. The role of risk management
under this game is to give me the ideas about how to confronting risks, preparing
for risk, and coping with the effects. As I have three available tools or devices
that help me to cope-up with the risk are Research, Protection and insurance.
The choice that I have made is; deciding how much insurance should be taken by
looking at the possibility and severity of the risk of comets.  From this game i gain more knowledge about how
to manage the risk and I have learned that Insurance is the best risk
management tool when the possibility of risk is low and the severity of risk is
high. Furthermore, I have learned that only insurance is not enough to cope up
with the risk, information or knowledge regarding the risk and the protection
against risk also important to overcome the risk.

If I can play the game only once
the thing that I will try my level best to protect my earth by ignoring any
cost related to the protection tool because I have got only one chance. Suppose
my earth has destroyed I may not have the second chance to develop it anymore. So,
the first thing that I may do is buying the most expensive insurance as well as
improved the protection of my earth (heighten up the land as much as possible).
Alternatively, if I can play the game more than once the thing that I may do differently
after the first time is try to find out the best way to cope up with the risk
i.e. find out the balance between growing my earth and preparing for the risk
form comets. I focus in cost-befit of the insurance that I may take to protect
my earth. The main thing that I have learned is; each action will cost me
precious resources. So, the proper protection, information (research and development)
and the tool to mitigate the risk (insurance) are very important to cope-up
with the risk.

Suppose I have task to develop a
new version of the game, which allows me to change or add one simple thing. The
change that I may make to be better represent the risk management choices is; I
may add some feature about warning system to the people who stay in the earth.
For example when the severity  the possibility of risk is high the player
can give the warning to people who stay in the earth so some feature of immigration
of people can be happen to reduce the risk instead of insure their property by
only making insurance.  

