8008975

In the Risk Horizon game, risk management was used to make the community
of Alora prosper. You had to reach a delicate balance between researching the
comets (knowledge), elevating the island (protection), buying insurance and developing
the community. There were also measures of coping by connecting the glowing
dots in the aftermath of a comet. When I first played the game, I easily reached level 2, but then
struggled a bit to move on. The game made it impossible for me to reach a
perfect situation where I could be as protected as possible, fully insured, and
then develop. I had to trade off the feeling
of safety afforded by a lot of protection and insurance in order to reach the
development goals.  It was a clear lesson
in priorities and how they might need to shift over time. For example, as I got
better and reached level 4, balancing 
reparations and protection got in the way of upgrading the pods, because
I did not have time to do it and revert to “green” before I was hit with
another comet and/or close to out of money. The more I played, the more
I learned that I needed to actually take more risks; I would easily pass the 2
first levels, where community development was somewhat minimal and the focus
could be on researching the comets. But as soon as I reached higher levels
where the community needed to thrive on top of being protected, I would lose
balance and end up “in the red”. Therefore, I tried to focus more on
development, and got a bit further.

If I look at the game from the standpoint of
managing risk in Montreal, Canada, I would add a cost to maintain older
structures as the game goes on. This is very closely linked to the game, as it
relates to developing community and making sure it thrives. All factors of the
game are important in the situation of Montreal, but could represent less
tangible, natural disaster-like risks. Indeed, Montreal might not be on the
path of important natural disasters, but its road infrastructures have become a
risk in recent years, with some unfortunate accidents (for example, an overpass
that fell down and made victims, a solar protection detaching in a tunnel…) and
very large structures in need of replacing (for example, the Champlain Bridge,
which was deemed in need of immediate measures and complete replacement). The
game could represent this situation, as the city has continued to develop and
prosper, but would need the added task of dealing with failing infrastructures
and the risk and costs they represent.