8009285

Game ReflectionThe role was to provide me -the administrator- strategies: based
on knowledge, protection, insurance and the coping ability of my
community. The tradeoffs I was experimenting with were a few: until I
realized the strengths and weaknesses of each of them. My first option was based on the decision to build a community of 6 pods, but they suffered a lot, and
the funds available were not sufficient to improve the structures and
the resistance capacity of each of them. So then I went in the
opposite direction; I decided to build a maximum of 2 in order to
realize what were the advantages the structures will present every
time I improve them, but at attempt 3 or 4 I realize that
the community connections were suffering because of the minimum
number of pods, so I increase the number to 4, and it was then when
the community connections help a lot. But overall the most important
choice was to perform a constant research on the meteorites, this
was making the community stronger. The one choice I always decided
to go with, in fact it was my very first move; was to purchase
insurance. The protection option which was to rise the level of the
community was the one I used the less, not because it was not
important, but because I realized it was the less effective in terms
of offering the best results.The ways in which preparation for risk affected the development of the community were definitively in the amount of pods builded. I was scare not to be able to improve these structures into a stronger point, were they would not suffer as much after a possible impact. I played the games several times, I started by building a very
small community, and to concentrate a lot of my funds in developing, but then i realized that research and improvement of structures were key aspects of a successful attempt. I made changes with every attempt, the most important one was the decision to but increase the number of
pods, because the funds were growing with the continuos research and
I was able to improve the structure of the pods to make them more
resistant to impact. My final attempts were based on a community of 4
pods, with every attempt I realized how important was the constant
research and the insurance. I learned from the game that knowledge is
fundamental because it will provide us with valuable information not
just on prevention but on  coping and reacting with the consequences.
The one constant option on all of my attempts was the insurance, in
fact that was my very first step as soon as the funds were available.I would probably have the option to create two different
communities, in order to experiment different strategies and evaluate
the results, this option will most likely be provided only for the
first two attempt , then the player will have a clear idea of what
strategy to follow, and the player will only continue with 1 community. I believe this option will be very beneficial at the time of comparing the possible consequences of the several strategies the player will be trying out, but if the option to change the game has to be directly related to the place I live, there will have a to be a option with; again two different communities, but this time the goal will not be to compare strategies, but to realize that each community has very different resources, and how this play a fundamental role at the time of prevention, research, better structures and coping with a consequences.

