8009688

Risk management helps confront risk by predicting how much damage comet will cause (knowledge), leaving you with the option of seeking protection and insurance to help absorb the severity eventually when shock occurs. Therefore, risk management assists to prepare and confront risk through adequate knowledge, protection and  seek insurance so as to ameliorate severe impact.I discovered that the more time one spends on Research of a comet, the more knowledgeable you are about the degree of protection one ought to facilitate and the more time you have for community connection. Also, the more time you spend on protection the slower your development achievement : although matching protection level to the comet's severity helps the drastic consequences of risk. Seeking insurance on the other hand, becomes imminent after Research is made about the magnitude of impact a comet will cause when it eventually occur, especially when you observe the fast pace at which comet will occur. Therefore, spending time on gathering knowledge about a comet galvanises your preparation while maintaining a balance on protection and seek insurance eventually with a meticulous attention on upgrading pods and developing new ones, taking into consideration time and resources.  The quest to ameliorate the impact of a comet (research, protection and insurance) to an extent prevents you from upgrading, building new pods etc that aid faster development, which eventually affects community connection.2) I would spend more time researching, being time conscious and maintain a relatively moderate protection that matches a comet and seek insurance when comet's severity tendency of a hit is high. I would ensure a balanced trade-off among knowledge, insurance and protection while maintaining a faster community development with a green meter.The game has taught me that Risk is inevitable but controllable with proper risk management. Resources are limited and as such must be prudently put to priorities as much as Time waits for no one!But with adequate and proper knowledge, Protection and insurance, shock caused by risk will be significantly reduced.3) In the game I feel the risk component being captured are very relevant to my community except for access to insurance which is in the hands of private sector,  and not easily accessible by a common man. The community where I live is characterised by illiteracy: awareness of the danger of risk and it's negative consequences must be meticulously carried out.Lastly, in the game, the impact of a comet holistically affected all the communities while in a real life scenario, some areas are more prone to risk  and others not affected even in the same community. In essence, the research component should include an indicator that would tell which particular area in a community is likely to be affected.