8010071

When I started the game honesty I was a little confuse in
how to play, it is because I am not good game player, however when I continue I
could understand that be in the game is absolutely easy. Nevertheless reflecting
and giving the scenario to the reality I realize the complexity of risk
management.  In this course I have learned the importance of have a good
plan to prevent risk and not only have a good saving to use when the event is coming.
In the game I played more than twice, at the beginning I just cover with the minimum,
and with this hedge I thought will be fine. The result was not. The second time
I played 50 percent even with this hedge was not enough. Finally I played with
the 75 percent the damages got better.Continue with the idea about, the damages got better, and at
the same time mention that I already mention in the first paragraph, be in the
game is absolutely easy, because you just have to increase the amount, and that
does not cost anything for you. The complexity here is be in full action, maybe
with lack resources in one country with high corruption, with weak institutions,
or with a record of irresponsibility from the company that offer insurance.Playing the game I thought I never like to be in one
situation like this, but at the same time come through my mind situation that
you cannot control, like natural disaster, financial crisis, accident, etc. absolutely
the best option is be protected. But why I thought I never like to be in one
situation like that, because I thought about developing countries/poor countries
that do not have the organizational structure, the resources etc. In this course I am learning about how to prevent the risk
in many way, for example searching information, in case I am exposed to some
kind of disease, between other things, and I am impressed how in my real live I
have never consider to check some information when I moved for a new place. But
in other hand my worry is about poor countries which are the more and probably
the most exposed to risk because their situation. However one point very important to consider is the good
result of risk management in many countries with high risk of naturals disaster
for example and how they have achieve to reduce the amount of victim, just for
cite a case. I understood the importance of create resilience, be prepare
to face the situation, but at the same time I end my reflection with a little
sadness for the countries that continue exposed to the higher risk with the lower
income, probably the higher risk is live the life exposed to a food shock.The challenge to all human being around the globe is be prepare
create plan of contingence in one world in an accelerate change procuring take
advantage of the entire situation to win or to get experience to prevent future
event. One idea could be that developing countries without
experience ask information from countries with more experiences in how to be prepared
to create resilience and educate the society to be set to face any kind of
event that put in danger the natural life style of the people in every community.

















We are all expose to risk without exception; I just hope one
day the most vulnerable have access to save their future in one way more
accessible. 