8017441

Based on
the Risk Horizon game one can gather that research is the key. Like in a
competitive sport, research is key. The more you research your “opponent” the
better you can predict his actions and the better you can counter it. The same
is valid for risk. 

 

In the game
the comets pose a risk, whether it is low or high. The more one research comets
the more prepared one can be. In life, real risks are the same. History is one
of the most useful research tools we have to our disposal. History can tell us
what happened in certain situations, what was done to counter it and how
effective the countermeasures were. Using historical data we are able to make
more accurate predictions and learn from past experiences. 

 

However,
there is a negative side to research. In the game, if one spends too much time
on researching the comets, there is no development. This means that whilst
research is being done all development is stagnant.  The effect of this is that insufficient
development was done before the crisis hit. As we all know development is
crucial for a society to move forward. With no development there is no moving
forward and no new technology and technology is crucial for development. The
opposite is also true. Too little research is not helping any cause.

 

Another
factor to consider is development. As mentioned earlier, development is very
important in society. If there is no development there can be no advancement by
way of technology and technology is the way forward. On the other hand too much
development is also not good. Too much development means no or too little
research is being done. With too little or no research being done there can be
no forecasting (preparing) for a risk. With no preparation being done there can
be only one outcome when faced with any risk…

 

When
reading this one can think that it all sounds confusing, but it actually is
very simple. There must be a balance between the development done and the
preparation for a risk (research). To maintain the balance is where the true
risk management comes in. it is easy to say that in case of rain just use an
umbrella, but there is more to it than that. What if there is torrential rain
which causes flash floods and mud slides? What use will an umbrella be? True
risk managers assess the risk to a finer detail (research) and implement
corrective measures prior to any risk being an active threat in order to
enhance the development and the chance of coping with the risk.