8025764

Role of risk management in the game is able to minimize the risk in achieving our goals. As we did before, when he first played the game above, we are still wondering and identify how to implement this game. So do I just directly, by pressing the "exercise" after a look instruction from the game. I need to follow the "exercise" to train the same circumstances as the game actually happened later. So I read the related materials science, insurance, and protection first. After that game rehearsal, and after all was done, I immediately implement actual game. I played game more than once. I intend to achieve better results than the previous results. But it seems to me less successful plays this game. I only pass on level 1. Fact,  I couldn't upload the result because until now I could not do it. I tried many times but still can not do this.If I could propose changes to better represent an important risk management options in where I live, I will try to develop aspects of risk management by developing the capacity of human resources first. Case that I want to raise in this essay, for example floods that occurred in Jakarta, Indonesia. In the case of floods in Jakarta, the role of risk management is essential to minimize the risk of a catastrophic flood that would cause physical or moral loss for residents affected by the flooding. There are several ways that can be done to deal with the floods, according to the three key components of risk management, namely knowledge, insurance, and protection itself. The key component of "knowledge" is described by increasing knowledge parties interested in the problems of the flood. Government as policy makers what the proper handling, such as increasing the volume of the Ciliwung river dredging in a way so that it can accommodate more rainwater overflow so that flooding can be prevented even further. Society should also increase environmental knowledge in this regard, by way of example not throw garbage in the gutters, which will block the flow of water so as to cause waterlogging and flooding. The second component is "insurance", for example by providing insurance for those affected, both life insurance, health insurance, property insurance as well as insurance for damage caused by flooding and high water pressure. Given the expected risk of losing insurance would be at least a thing or minimize the negative impact of floods. The third component is the protection. With the shelter refugees eg infrastructure like building where they planned to evacuate before the negative effects of floods can be minimized. These three components, namely knowledge, insurance, and protection as contained in this course material can be applied in the handling of floods which will be expected to minimize the risks and negative consequences that appear relatively less than before. It is not easy to overcome the problem of floods, because lot of obstacles that may later be blocked, for example incentives, information, behavior, and limited resources. With the amount of incentives and the right to private levels, the social impact of the development can be minimized and environmental aspects remain to be addressed. With the information provided accurately and on time, then the flood disaster can be realized. Information flooding in a point, then it will quickly spread to other places that will lead to early treatment in anticipation of the flood disaster. With alacrity behavior and aware of the possible disasters that may arise, the casualties can be reduced and the anticipation of an emergency medical handlers can be implemented more quickly.