8029709

            The role of risk management in the game was to show that  as people in the community, we have to share risks in order to overcome the dangers that might strike in the future. This can be done through combining and balancing the components of knowledge, protection andinsurance. Hence, risk is a powerful tool for development.             The choices i had to make were to first of all, consider the time factor since it is a valuable resource and never gained when lost. As a community we can never know when disaster might strike so to be on a safer side and reduce the impact,  it is better to balance knowledge, protection and insurance with the time factor at the back of the mind. This is essential in a community because when disaster strikes, few repairs are made due to balanced and adequate preparation.             I confronted the tradeoff in terms of knowledge by not wasting a lot of time researching especially for those comets which were approaching faster. Therefore i had to instead focus on ensuring heavy  protection and insurance were adequate.At times protection was expensive especially where the community was progressing in development. therefore it was better to do a little more research and insure as well as access the impact of the problem because repair  would be done. Since insurance would be very expensive as the commmunity developed,the tradeoff made was to sensitize the community about the outcome of any disaster.             Preparation for risk affected development immediately in a way that it was cheaper and easier to balance knowledge, insurance and protection.When people in the community are few and resources available, it is easier to curb any impending dangers which might strike hard. After playing the game for the first time,i ensured that  a healthy and vibrant community  should  be created with maximum protection and insurance so that when disaster struck, few repairs would be required.            What i learned  from the game was that protection and insurance resources raised as development increased within the community. Disaster would strike at any minute when one of the two was inadequate  so to avoid too much severity, research had to be done. so these components go hand in hand so that at the end of it all, the community is able to cope with the aftereffects.          The risk management choice that i would propose to in the place that i live would be knowledge. Many people within the area are not well informed with the effects and after effects of a disaster. where there is ignorance, people perish so it is a silent killer. without  knowledge people are left in uncertainty and confusion when disasters strike. they are stuck in a confined place since they do not have any resources to cover the damage and cope afterwards. Hence, knowledge would matter in the place that i live.