8031928

The game was very  interesting. It gave a good idea of the role of risk management in development while keeping knowledge, protection and  coping in mind. In the beginning, it was easier to build the pods and develop them for more resources. As the level increased and it was difficult to manage the risk and develop the city at the same time. Moreover, with the option of insurance, it got quite tricky whether to go with increasing protection or to buy the insurance. There were also multiple choice for the insurance which made the game even more tougher.The game provided an opportunity to practically think of knowledge, protection and coping . First, it is very important to know the severity of the risk. If we  can at least predict about the severity, we can manage for the protection accordingly; Just as in the game, it was important to elevate the city to level where the waves caused by the meteors couldn't affect them. To know about the severity it is more important to make regular study of the possible risks because if that is not done, then we miss out the basic thing of risk management, i.e. knowledge. The knowledge about the severity also helps us to decide on the the type of insurance we need to choose. If the risk is higher, we need to choose an insurance which will cover most of the damage that is likely to be caused.  Insurance is very important to cope after disaster strikes as it is very expensive to start from the very beginning. Another very important thing I learnt from the game was the use of resource. If we use most of our resource just in protection and knowledge, we fail a level, as development is important as well. We need to invest for development, protection and knowledge in such a way, that the resource we have is not just used for risk management but for development as well. If disaster strikes, the support, cooperation and collaboration of the community, state and international actors help to cope with the situation more easily than done isolated.I played the game more than one time, experimenting new strategy every time. When I played it for the first time, I was just focused on building more pods and developing few. I also increased the protection level only if one of the meteors showed higher levels of severity. I bought the cheapest insurance, to balance the resource and to build and develop the pods at the same time. The second time I played, I just installed fewer pods and developed them. I increased the protection to the highest level which also saved my resource of continuous study of the meteor and felt safe even if I bought the cheapest insurance. Doing this, I learnt that we need to choose the protection options based on our resources. If we do not have enough resource to afford protection and buy expensive insurance as well, we need to choose either one more strongly. As for example, if we strengthen protection then we can buy cheaper insurance. However, more emphasis should be given on protection if we are to choose this option as prevention is better than cure.If I were to add few more things to things to this game, I would add some more obstacles to risk management and the ways we would minimize them. The game we played here just had resource as an obstacle, but there are other obstacles such as behavior of the people, corrupt bureaucracy, lack of ownership of the private and public sphere etc.