8031393

During the first two levels, risk management was to spend time increasing protection up to four/five sticks.  A side of this having the “village” developed was important because of the need of wealth. One of my trade-off was, when gaining knowledge looking at the meteors, I often stopped looking to develop the “village” and looked again even if it was costly. With this method I got a lot of time when the meteor hit the ocean and I could increase my protection bars. Insurance in the first two-three levels was not really a need, so I only go one third (33%) insurance. It was, I thing the best compromise, not too expensive if not used and helpful if hit. After the second level it was important to have a well prepared protection because it was too much time consuming to do it. What we can see is an increase in wealth more rapidly if the “village” is developed, but also when a meteor hit the ocean the damages were more important, so more costly and the losses in the developed bar was too risky. So to not compromise the success of the game I decided to invest more in the insurance.  I did the game twice, not just for fun but to do differently. In the first one I bought full insurance at every level and I tried to have the protection bar full. It was too expensive and so I could not developed the “village”. I did not succeed more than the fourth level. For the second played, I did what I said earlier. Insurance 30% in the first three levels and protection a bit more than half full. What I would change in the game is the benefits of knowledge. I think benefits were fare too large in comparison with the investment (wealth). What I would do, first of all, is an increase of the costs, and so you really have to make the decision if you want to learn about this meteor or not. To represent the risk of my country I would add old nuclear power plans, where you have to decide if you want to keep it or not when an earthquake is about to happen or when you discover cracks in the reactor shell. But also landslide/mudslide as risks. And so you have to decide if you want to build a house in a hight profitable zone but really exposed or not.