8037209

Game Reflection Exercise

Important Observations

Ø 
What
was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance?
In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after
some time)?

Risk Management
played a critical role in identification, analysis and accepting or mitigation
of the risk. Certain decisions had to be made as it involved investment. Trade
off’s had to made between cost of Insurance, Investment on development, Time to
be spent on research and finally cost on preparation for loss mitigation. As I
started to play the game, I was concentrating more on High Risk cover paying a
huge amount for insurance which led to scarcity of funds for the development.
So it was really critical to balance the cost of Insurance and investment on
development to build a strong community which was on the Continous path of
development and also had Risk insurance in case of any extreme unavoidable scenario
to mitigate the losses incurred. Enough attention wasn’t paid to research on
critical aspects and impact of asteroids hitting the planet. Their impact,
severity wasn’t taken into consideration which was a major risk. To understand
how to make a sound decision considering the development and Insurance Cover
was the key understanding out of the game.

 

Ø 
If
you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to
play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did
you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned
from the game?

As I
started to play the game, I was concentrating more on High Risk cover paying a
huge amount for insurance which led to scarcity of funds for the development.
As I played the game couple of times, understanding was better. To really
evaluate the risk and then balance out the investment ensuring optimum amount
was spent on the development. It was important to construct a Failure Mode Effect Analysis chart
to identify reasons for threat, research of the events, identifying minor/major
events and what would it lead to incase the activities completed to mitigate it
failed. Critical analysis in case of failure is very important to understand
the damage this can cause – be it for the family, community or the country. Careful
study/research of the events and pro-active approach is of utmost importance to
ensure that we are well prepared in advance. So as I understood the concept
better after paying the game number of times, I was able to ensure that the
community was on the path of development and being well protected by the Risk
Insurance in case of any adverse/unavoidable event

 

Ø 
The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine
you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

Since I
come from India (a developing economy for decades now) wherein we are still not
putting in required focus on Risk Management for the country, my proposal would
to add: Aspect of corruption in hampering the progress, Cost on Education on
Risk Management to the society, Loss of human lives (showcasing the impact of
disaster in case of failure to identify and plan accordingly for the risk)

These 3
aspects are very important from perspective of India. 

It would be
little difficult to add the aspect of corruption in the game, however, from the
developing economy perspective, if cost on education and loss of human lives is
added, It would really help in understanding the game even better

