8044444

1) Risk management helps understand risks and their consequences, protect from shocks and cope with outcomes. In the game I had to deal with all RM's components: acquiring KNOWLEDGE about risks via research which contributed to obtaining resources; PROTECTING from risks using correct data about their severity and resources obtained; INSURING risks and COPING with the outcomes of shocks by means of insurance and with the help of community. The shocks in the game were inevitable, since one always has to undertake risk when developing. Nevertheless it was possible to avoid major losses by means of timely research and accumulating necessary resources later used for protection  coping. You can't save and develop simultaneously, since the resources are limited and have to be spent carefully and wisely. So it's either protection and savings or development and risks. Still, this option is not working long term, even in real world. I've learn on practice that risk management can be effective only if all of its components are BALANCED. 
Preparation for risk in the game helped gain knowledge which was further applied to establish an efficient degree of protection, preparation helped accumulate resources required both to protect from, to overcome shocks with minimum losses and to minimize the frequency of shocks! The more preparation, the less were comets striking, the slower they were, the less damage was incurred. The more the community was developing, the stronger were the ties between households - the easier it was to protect and to cope with consequences of shocks.
2) I've learned how to build an efficient strategy. 
When I have just started to play the game I was focused not on building  development, but on protection and insurance which was a mistake since in this case no resources are left for development, and timely development is essential for successful completion of each level. Also I was not paying enough attention to research and thus I could not establish strong community connections which are also important to overcome shock and mitigate losses. Strong community provided much more insurance and protection than the purchased insurance.
	The second strategy was to focus on development and not to purchase expensive insurance. Yet, I was only protecting when the chance of the risk was high, not coordinating the level of protection with the degree of severity. Another mistake was not enough attention to the balance of all these actions and their sequence.So finally I've learned that 1st comes building  development. The resources should not be accumulated and saved but be used TIMELY. The community needed to be upgraded constantly, fast. Research must be done simultaneously. Whenever community was developing I had time for obtaining knowledge about the upcoming shocks. Research helps accumulate resources required to protect from and cope with shocks with minimum or no losses!3) In Greece risk management choices are made on the basis of imperfect information and provided lack of resources, same refers to Ukraine, where innovation is scaring the private sector and policy makers since investment in RD is only associated with high CAPEX and uncertain long-term returns and benefits. In this regard I think the present game is a perfect combination which helps understand the core idea of balancing all components of the risk management and the leading role of development for the communities, businesses, countries and the world. To adjust the game to Greece and Ukraine I would include behavioral factor as an obstacle for development and thorough protection. For Greece also insurance plans could have less benefits and higher rates, I would not link knowledge to community ties for Ukraine