8044597

The Opportunity Game,
As a new colonist on Alora we had to build a new world facing several challenges. The task is simple, build a new prosper community facing crisis that occur on the horizon. These crises have a certain possibility of occurrence and we can tackle them to an extend by learning from the past crises and preparing for the new ones. The goal was to achieve development by taking the necessary risks and preparing for the crisis. So instead of ad-hoc measures, when it became clear that a meteor will hit the colonists applied a standard risk management plan. To achieve this we started to produce wealth to be able to grow and to prepare, there was a federal reserve of couple of hundred points to be able to invest-insure-repair if necessary. After the first hit, although we had a good insurance it was clear that only with insurance it not going to work so the “early observation”  plan was implemented. As a meteor-crisis appeared on the horizon it entered under evaluation in terms of chances of hit and the severity of the impact and speed. Depending of the 3 combined characteristics different risk management options have been implemented, combining the tools of insurance with research, insurance with protection or in the cases of systemic risk which could have send us back in the stone ages of Alora insurance-research and protection combined was used. These preparations where needed to be done in a way not to hinder development. By insurance coping was much easier, lower loss of development and lower cost of repairs. By investing in research some crisis where tackled without any losses. 
After the first attempt to settle, the policy of investing in insurance and research was changed. It was a shift from investment to early insurance, but less effective to buying insurance later on but with higher coverage of the risks. We the colonists learned that only by insurance we are not going to survive so we started to invest in research to, as it became very cost effective. Investment in protection was possible after reaching a level of development, protection made it possible to resist to high severity crisis or at least to reduce the impact of it.
For Risk Horizon 2.0 to develop Alora I would implement a different way of approach of the consequences of a hit by meteor. Meaning that now the pods are affected in the same way by hit, I would implement a different scale of damage and price to build depending how close or far are from the shore. This would mean that there is a global policy regarding the early warning system, but different policies regarding where to build, where to upgrade the pods and how much to pay for insurance. So a local policy (regarding building to the shore) would be fit in the global policy of how to tackle the impacts of the meteors.