8049008

1. Role of the Risk management Game; The role of the risk management game was objectively introduce how one would use resources available to take preventive measures against shock. This involved learning how to conduct research to gather necessary information on severity, probability of occurrence of risk, and what action to take in the event that the risk occurs. It helps in the understanding of the various component of risk management i.e. protection, information, insurance and copying.Knowledge - information helps in understanding the shocks, external environment conditions thus helping reduce uncertaintyProtection - helps reduce the probability and size of losses and increases the benefitsInsurance - helps transfer resources across people and overtime, from good to bad states of natureCoping - helps recover from losses and make the most out of benefits2. Yes, i played the game more than once and each time i made sure that i got enough information about the magnitude of the quack, repaired and upgraded the ponds, took more insurance and matched my protection level with the expected severity of the risk. This i did without loosing site on the available resources. The first time i took the game i did not go past stage 1, but the more i took the game i realized that every time the earth quack occurs, the next try i would take more measures to minimize the lossesI learnt about taking insurance, matching my protection with the 
anticipated risk, and also developing and preparing the community using 
the resources i had at my disposalI learnt how to balance between the growing community and preparing for the potential shocksi learnt that it is important to check the probability of shock happeningI have learnt that every action taken to mitigate shock cost moneyIt is important to consider time it will take until shock occurs3. I would introduce some aspects of coping - either through evacuation when the risk is eminent. I would  put in objects to represent human beings. 