8053498

Reflection 1:The game was challenging for me to play. I got to level 2. Risk management in the game was researching incoming asteroids and assessing what to do next; buy insurance, keep building or protect my investment. I tried a variety of options in trying to past levels. At first, I bought the highest insurance right away.  I was researching and building, I would only protect a little bit because I was afraid of the green line turning red. I would pass level one and not be prepared in level two for back to back severe impact asteroids.  I felt compelled to buy the best insurance coverage.I tried protecting for a whole minute in level one to build up two bars. I would build after the first minute and research only slightly. I purchased insurance only when there was immediate threat of impact.  This approach did not help raise the green bar to the level needed to pass level one very often and when I did move forward to level two I would not pass.I did notice while researching until the asteroid when down and missed that researching often helped to reduce severity of the hit or the possibility of hitting.  Juggling to maintain building while researching limited my ability to protect. On one hand researching asteroids helped raise my green bar faster than protecting.  By the third night of me trying to understand the balance I discovered that protecting when the asteroid was not threat did help raise my green bar faster when compared to when there is a dangerous asteroid and I protect my green bar turns red and does not move.  This helped me to understanding the timing of my actions.  Protecting while building with no immediate threat was good risk management.  When an asteroid was dangerous, researching became the action needed for risk management, learning as much as I could and often helping to reduce severity or the likelihood of impact. I did not build double tier buildings in an successful level completion.  My buildings were all first or second stage development.I did start to notice something when the asteroid would hit.  Those critically few seconds of connecting the yellow dots was the communication amongst my buildings and property. I often found that adequate research and protecting while connecting as many sites as possible often lead to little to no damage.Due to a mandatory work trip without internet access I could not continue to play.  This game did stress me out because losing level two meant starting at level one and I never did the same strategy twice.  I felt this game was addicting because it was challenging and yet I knew it was trying to teach me valuable lessons.  I felt defeated in my inability to grasp onto what risk balance I needed to attain to pass beyond level two.