8056119

                                                                           Risk Horizon Game ReflectionsThis game aims to test our
skills in preparing for potential risks by conducting research, cope with
possible damages (buying insurance and acquiring protection), and in how to deal
with the risks’ aftermath by gathering sufficient resources and the bought
insurance.  Moreover, playing the game
has taught us that there are inevitable trade-offs when employing the mentioned
elements. For example, to increase the community’s protection level, one has to
invest less in research, and development. At the end, one can say that even
though preparation for risk aims to better sustain a community, it does hinder,
for a certain level, its development. 

 

At the beginning, my goal
was to research and gather knowledge about the risk incurring from the meteors,
as well as, to build a semi-large community consisting of many pods to gather
revenue that will allow me to purchase insurance at a higher value, cover costs
for reparation, creating more pods, and upgrading. However, the trade offs were
neglecting to purchase insurance, and increasing the protection level. First attempt
was a failure; due to incremental damages and henceforth, increasing costs that
had no insurance coverage.

In the second trial, the strategy changed from
building a large community to create 3-4 pods and then upgrade them all to
higher levels. Other than sustaining the pods, the plan also entitled purchasing
75% insurance coverage, as well as, reducing the amount of time spent on
researching to include protection instead. Dividing all resources and time
evenly among the previously stated actions did not pay off well. The research
collected was no enough. Protection level was still at its weakest point.
Insurance did help in costs reduction after the damage. However, the hit was
too strong for the pods to survive.

Then, I decided to enhance the protection levels.  Purchased
75% insurance coverage and built only two pods. To reach a desired protection level
before incurring a severe hit could not achieved. The process was too slow and
in the end, failure was inevitable.In my last attempt, I focused on building as much pods as I could, leaving them at the under-developed state. The idea behind this strategy was to use the large number of the under-developed pods to my advantage, where they will provide me with a substantial revenue to develop them at a later stage, and pay for the reparation costs. Also, being in their under-developed stage allows for rapid full recovery after the meteor hits. Using this method, I finally got to level 2 in the game.

 

Conclusions from the game:  Preparing for risks takes time and resources,
which in turn delays the development process. Not to mention, to reach a
balance between all the elements (preparation, coping, and recovery) has proved
not to be an easy task. In this game, we discover that first we need a strong base, in which we later prepare for risks.

 If I were to make a change in the game, I
would have improved the protection option. The research that allows us to gather
knowledge about the meteor, and purchasing insurance were not enough to win the
game. If higher protection levels were reached, I believe the higher were the
chances for the community to survive and keep the damages at minimum. I suggest
adding an upgrade for the speed of filling the protection bars, or as an
alternative of holding the button and hence waste precious time that could be
spent elsewhere, a purchase-option could be implemented, allowing the gamer to
buy protection levels instead. Hence, protecting the community would be easier
and faster, in addition to decreases the costs coming from the meteors’
damages.