8061176

Risk management's role in the city of Alora was to help reduce the developing city's vulnerability by implementing the measures needed to make Alora more resilient while it develops to its full potential.  As the city grew the more protection and insurance it needed.  Now that came at a cost.  The trade off was while in the process of acquiring knowledge about the risk, you would be confronted with gaining the right amount of protection and insurance which at the same time would put research and development on a halt, and all three came at a cost whether it be financial or time wise.  Preparing for risk affected the development process in that  (1) preparation came at a cost and as a result sometimes there was not enough money and time between the hazards to continue with developing the city.  (2) As the risk increased so did the cost of development and risk management. Played this game more than once.  What was done differently was that the city was not developed too quickly, more time was spent on research, and acquired the best insurance from onset.What was learnt from this game was (1) knowledge is key, yet you need to balance when is the right  time to do so without risking too much (2) each hit from the hazard decreased your protection and cost you time and money to rebuild (3) time and cost is a factor in research, development, protection and insurance (4) the frequency between events left the city vulnerable, it limited the time needed to do research, acquire protection even when insurance with the best coverage was purchased, or develop at the rate one desired.  Too much of a rapid development hindered time and money to acquiring knowledge.  Sometimes concentrating on one factor such as protection, lost time and money and did not give enough time to gather the knowledge about the hazard, which still left the city vulnerable.  In the end there must be enough time and money for development and risk management.  There is no perfect balance between risk management and effects of the risk.  However, having implemented all factors of risk management decreases the effects of the hazard.  Yet having frequent hazards increases your vulnerability because you have not had enough time or funds available to strengthen your resilience from the last  event.  So why risk management when even though the city implements all factors of risk management, it is still left picking up the pieces especially if the frequency of the hazards are so close together?  Money, having some is better than having none at all.  Insurance will cover at least 75% of rehabilitation.  When residents of the city see that policies were put in place, development shows progress towards restoration, it fortifies the residents, gives them hope and most times will encourage majority (not all) at least those who can afford to, to learn and build their own resilience.  But what about the poor and vulnerable who cannot afford insurance and the vulnerable areas?  Risk management -  if the research is done properly, then the city should know where the first places to implement the mitigation measures.What to change about the game, nothing because it is a game not reality,  but as a platform in showcasing risk management, then add people, because people bring dynamics.