8061386

In many cases when an event happens, we are not prepared. This week the game exemplifies what we have been learning.  It helped me understand why risk management is important. In the game, if was because although we knew that the event was and that we could guess when it could happen, I could prevent the damage by putting it in a higher level (protection) to my town depending on the information of the comet (knowledge). Never the less, I have to admit that I realized that the insurance and the protection are directly related, if I had more protection, I could get a cheaper insurance, this is risk management. Someone that managed risks, has to be informed and prepared for the event. The preparation for it has to be hand by hand with the development of the town. So that we can say that while more preparation, less damage I would get. 
I had to play the game two times, each time was different. The first time I couldn't realize how important is to invest on protection and insurance. I only focused on the development of the town. That's why I lose in the first levels. The second time, the experience I gained from the first time that I had to pay more attention to every component and every detail.  My reflection is that everything has to be treated equally, not like separated items. I would definitely play it again so I can improve my risk management skill. It is very important to realize that an any event is a risk (doesn't matter how big it is). It can be positive or negative. But for the negative events we should be prepared as well as we can. We are exposed to risks in your daily life. 
I liked the idea of the game. It was very grafic. But, if I had the task to change for better the game and improve the risk management understanding, I would add the fact that the town could gain or lose money depending on the economy of it. In
that case, it would be more realistic. So maybe I would pause the game two times in each level and make a quiz or questions like the ones in the videos. If the answer is correct, I could earn more money or loss some of it.
The most important thing that I am learning with this course is that we face risks every day and night. No one is free of risks.