8061264

Part 1

What is the risk management in the game?

The risk management in the game is that by studying and
gaining knowledge about the coming risk we can take precautions to save ourselves
from those risks like taking insurance and lifting the land in the game.

What choices did you
make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection,
and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development
(immediately, or after some time)?

I
first made the basic buildings and then waited for the comet to come
understanding the chance of it to hit and the SEVERITY took insurance and
lifted the land. Even before hand I prepared for the risk and later also overcame
them by repairing the land, building.

Part
2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?

I would make sure that I take more knowledge about the comet
and on the basis of the data available take the risk precautions.in the first two games i was blindly taking 75% insurance only after i lost in them did i plan that i need to plan with a lot of thinking cause this is a game to check my risk management skills in real life, and changed my strategy of blindly giving insurance and studying the risk and then taking it.

Part 3The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?

I would add a feature called history where I can read of the
past about the risk arising, giving me a deeper insight about the risk on way. I
would also make it a point to mention that the damage caused by the risk aroused
before should be mentioned in history to make us act better on risk, some of
the comet can have no history being a sudden unexpected risk, but not all.

 