8063650

The game was fully based on three major principles of the risk management. They are building the shells (development or seeking opportunities dispute of adverse conditions), protecting the shells from the disaster( managing risk and mitigating the disaster) and obtaining the insurance ( having a better trade off).To play the game you are given a 2 minutes deadline and tasks to complete before the deadline. The game is composed of 5 levels and once you win each level you are moving to the next one.The tasks are building shells and protecting them from disaster once they get destroyed repairing them with the insurance you obtained. The risk management should start as soon as you start playing the game because the shells can be destroyed anytime. Obtaining an insurance is a must otherwise you cannot make the rebuild process after the disaster. If you continue to plan only the preparation and implementing the risk management you will left behind with no resources for the development ( both time and money).The game I played, I cannot reach the third level, because in my first level I did have to rebuild two times all my five shells. To make things a lot easier in my second level I did not make any new shells and I was giving my time and money for the protection. It did work to an extend because my shells were not damaged as  the first level however the second level do not have any growth therefore I cannot reach the points I wanted and I cannot make the enough score. If I can play the game for the second time surely I will play in a complete different way that I will build more shells in the second level and consider more and more on protection and take the same insurance policy of the 75% category again. Since it will be easy for me to rebuild even my shells get damaged.The main things I learned from the game are first, development is must and no use of planning for disaster management without development secondly you need to consider the disaster management also for your sustainability and survival. Third, to have a better disaster management system you need to have a better trade off like insurance.It would be interesting to see if we could add another feature to build shells with more resistance for the damage but it will be more expensive than the current feature. Then the person have to think to build better shells and insurance policies and to have a better trade off.