8064924

It is very important to successfully juggle the different areas of Risk Management to do well in the game. It was hard to decide what was more important to concentrate at different times of the game. The trade of between, time, money, expansion, protection and research was extremely difficult and often hard to gauge which one was going to be more helpful in the future. I found protection for the future was most important in the long term game, although did make development difficult in the beginning and also hindered research.The trade-off, particularly between expansion and protection was the hardest to manage, I wanted to get to the next level, which was most easily gained by building, upgrading and expanding. But I would have to put all of this on hold to protect. While expanding was great for moving up levels, it made it nearly impossible to recover from a "shock". Whereas protection meant that it took longer to move through the levels, but the effects of the "shocks" were greatly minimised meaning, overall, I could more easily stay in the game.Playing for the first time, I would concentrate on expansion (gaining money and assets) and insurance, giving little importance to research and protection. Which worked well for the first round but then caused a quick demise in later rounds as the "shocks" occurred more frequently. Playing again I would concentrate on small original expansion, followed by strong protection and insurance. Then research when it was possible throughout the game.The main things I learnt was that it is hard to get it right the first time, learning by trial and error is very helpful (if only we could easily do this in real life!) I also learnt, how hard it is to balance all of the aspects and get it right, as well as how devastating a "shock" can be to progress. One shock can completely crash all of the progress you have made up until that point and completely destroy your chances of carrying on playing the game. Which is hard to believe until you play the gameI would change the games instructions, they do not adequately explain all of the aspects of the game, meaning it is very hard to understand all of the points straight away. Knowing exactly how each element works before the game, rather than having to figure these things out as you go would be greatly beneficial