8069815

The role of risk management in the game I think was kind of residual . I confronted different trade-offs between getting much higher insurance, improve protection and developing more knowledge. I realised that it was better to gain sufficient knowledge with a good level of insurance and a high level of protection in order to help the population rise after the negative events. I played lots of times but I never reached more than level 4 , I didn't really get the way it addressed points to the different strategies. First I tried to develop the entire village with an almost-complete insurance and it didn't work because I wasn't aware that I didn't have much informations neither money to develop everything in the proper way, also if I was very well prepared to cope with the negative events,After this try, I used a different strategy trying to develop just one house, I was sure it would help me prevent more negative evnts, but I was wrong. It was probably not satisfying for the community in general to develop in just one building.For last I tried a strategy in which I tried to develop few houses with relatively less insurance and more infos, I found out that it actually was working very well because I was able to cope with asteroids pretty well and to grow at the same time. Did it work out? Not really, I'm not really sure why neither.I think the game is a proper way to develop risk management tools, but it seems to me to be not very useful in the first plac for people ike me who are not really into the "game" strategy. It's not that I didn't get the way it gave points but more often I felt like it helped more the so-called gamers than not the normal people just interested in learning how to cope with risk.I don't know if others have found it really useful (it was kind of interesting but not really useful), but for me few changes are mandatory.First it is wrong for me to give points in a unique way, I mean different strategies can be as well successfull I think. So it's wrong to give success to people coping with risk in the same way. Plus I really think it should be more linked to a real case other than an extraterrestrial thing (maybe it's just because I'm not comfortable with games.). In the place in which I live there aren't really so many cases with which I can rely on, but probably the "timing" is wrong. It is true that events occur in strategic times but in order to learn how to cope with risk it's better for me to first learn how to do it and how to help myself with it and then make myself less comfortable by introducing time. I think this course is helping me through the learning process in how to cope with everyday's risks but I also realise that this week assignment in which I gained only 5 points out of 10 is absolutely not fair.Otherwise I want to thank all the community and the Professors for their professionality in helping me and the others in this experience.Thanks.