8069315

Risk Management was used from the onset. The environment already has a natural disaster issue, those being comets that an sometimes be very severe. While they can miss the pods they can also cause a great deal of damage with both direct contact and after shocks. Since there was already a high risk which could not be controlled the pods insurance was of utmost importance. Insurance offered immediate results. If I was to play the game only one time I would make sure that there were many basic pods with as much insurance as I could afford. With each time I played the game I improved on both placement and improvement of pods. By placing pods a little further apart and improving certain pods and not others I was able to minimize the cost of damage when a comet hit. Each time I played the game I learnt the value of vantage points. As you learn more about potential risks you get a different vantage point which allows you to assess risk better. With each failure you have more information to better protect yourself in the future. I learnt the value of implementing research with each comet, preparing for the severity and likelihood of that comet hitting the pods and causing damage. I also learnt the value of repairing the damage as quickly as possible. I was able to ignore low risk comets and keep investing in strengthening the infrastructure of my buildings but at the same time get into high gear using reserves to add more protection for comets with a higher probability of hitting the pods and causing damage. While improvement was important after the pods were built it was also important to have enough money to insurance protection as research on comets indicated a higher probability of hitting the pods and causing damage. I would add the feature of walls and placement of the pods. This will allow stronger protection and also placement that may prevent all the pods from getting damaged when one was hit. Flooding would be an immediate problem in the place that I live. Given the fact that global temperatures have changed in recent years and there is a lot more rainfall in my area it would be wiser to prepare for flooding of homes. I would propose that research is done on adequate drainage in the area which will allow collected water and heavy rainfall to be funneled away from homes. I would also propose that homes are fully insured for flooding and water damage. 