8069437

 

The game is based in a city of
Alora and we have to develop the city while taking in account certain risks
which may damage the city.

Alora is a victim to falling
comets. These comets careen into water and causes waves that hinder
development. Our goal is to balance the growth of city and also minimize the
potential risk from the comets which may cause severe damage to the city.

The risk management tools
available are research, protection, and insurance. Each of this tool has its
own cost.

Research: Using this tool we can look into space
and learn about the chance of the comet hitting, the time remaining until
impact, and the     severity of the comet if it strikes.Protection: Using this tool we can raise our
island so that we can prevent our pods from damage due to the severity of
comets.Insurance: This tool helps to rebuild the pods
damaged from flooding quickly at a cheaper price. Insurance also recovers lost
development time after the pods are recovered The preparation for risk hinders the
development immediately but in a long run we realise that actually preparation
for risk beforehand has us saved from lots of cost that may incurred due to the
damages otherwise.

To do well in the game you have
to think strategically i.e to keep balance between risk preparation and
investment in developing the community.

When I first played the game I put
too much emphasis on insurance and developing the community which cost me when
a comet struck and damaged all the pods and I was not able to progress past the
second level. Then I realised that it not enough to rely on insurance and that I
should also invest in protection against the comets and also learn about their
severity through research. Doing this I was able to get past through level 3
easily. 

The game gives a perfect example
of how the policy makers of the state with limited resources are struck between
spending money up front on risk management or to spend in the development of
state, communities and other facilities.

Apart from that given a choice to
make changes in the game I will do the following things

Avail certain pods at higher cost that may not
get damaged by the comet.Some attacking tool to destroy the cometsWhenever we lose a level the game begins from
the start, there should be option to restart the game at the same level itself.  