8073547

1. The role of risk management in the game was to balance risk and opportunity in order to reach level 6. To win the game, the resources at disposal, energy and money, had to be spent in order to reach a required level of development after each turn. It was therefore necessary to grow enough to reach the requirement, while at the same time taking the sustainability of this growth into account. In Risk Horizon, the main challenge to reach this development level necessary to advance a level were external shocks in the form of meteors. A challenge here is that the player does not have information about the patterns of these shocks which seems to occur randomly. Nor is the severity or the risk of shocks hitting known before at a rather late. Therefore, the player had to carefully calculate how to spend money and resources on insurance, protection and research. There are some trade-offs between development and preparation as well as some trade-offs between the different kinds of preparation.In my first playthrough I chose to focus exclusively on protection rather than insurance. Here I quickly learned that a too extensive a focus on protection slowed development. Given a longer time frame it might have been a good idea, but that was not the case here, where I was time-constrained. In my second try, I focused on insurance and protection equally. Although I made it a level further, I did not complete the game this time either, as I once again focused too much on mitigating the shocks and too little on development. In my third playthrough, I almost completed the game, but this time I was too focused on development, and when several severe shocks hit with a high frequency, I failed at a later stage in the game. The art of the game is to manage risk while at the same time meeting the development goals, and it was generally difficult to both cope with shocks and manage risk while at the same time meeting the deadline for the development. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict shocks that occur randomly and thus to make an exact cost-benefit analysis of insurance and protection. If it was possible to somehow quantify risk precisely, it would be much easier to manage risk in a way that reaches an equlibrium (of sort), but the truth is that we do not have the full information for that kind of a calculation.I think the game describes the central concepts and variables of risk management very well. If another feature should be added it would probably change the game quite fundamentally. If I should add a simple thing to the game, I suppose a different kind of shock could be implemented such as a more financial one that would affect the amount of money being generated rather than just the level of development. In this situation, coping and managing risk would work sligthly different from that of coping and managing with natural disasters.   Another thing that could be added to the game would be some of the obstacles to risk management that were mentioned in week two. For example, not every actor in the society that needs risk management would have the incentives to implement the necessary changes. I am aware that this would end up as a rather complex strategy game though. Should the game better represent risk management where I live, the kind of shocks that should be implemented would be fights after a football match or mass bicycle accidents. How that would fit in, I do not really know.