8073704

Risk
horizon

‘Good planning
can prevent an emergency from turning into a disaster and a disaster from
turning into a tragedy’ – J. E. Hunter, United States Parks Service. Effective
risk management optimizes decision-making and protects growth and development.
It helps to overcome obstacles to development despite limited resources. Risk
management leads to lower cost on community rebuilding should there be
disasters.

The game
presented a practical approach to risk management. The player is faced with the
task of building a community despite multiple challenges militating against
this goal. To build a healthy community, there should be balance between
development and preparation for potential risk. 
Three powers, knowledge, prevention and insurance were used in concert
with development in order to meet the milestones set in the game.

There were
limited time and resources to make choices on the optimum mix in spending
scarce resources on knowledge, prevention and insurance. Hence, the choices we
make affect our ability to wither the storm. A number of choices led to the
milestones achieved during the game and these are,

Taking not more than two projects at a time so as to
     have fund for other activities like protection and insurance. 
 Building enough protection to match the severity of the
     shock (comet) by raising the island accordingly.
 Balancing development with protection against shocks.
 Investing time on research to build community
     connection since each connection adds to the protection against shock.
 Taking insurance when the level of protection may not match
     the severity of the shock.
Preparations for
risk reduce disruptions to development and minimize shocks. Over time
preparation for risk will enable a community to discover opportunities they may
not otherwise have seen.

 

In my second
attempt, I would invest more on knowledge and expend time on research to
increase community connection and information gathering. Also, I would focus a
little more on the level of protection achieved, keeping it at least a bar higher
than the level of severity detected on the comet.

The second and
third attempts were the time I understood the optimum mix of knowledge,
protection and insurance. At the third attempt, I was able to hit stage five.

The lessons
learnt in this game are summarized thus,

Prepare for risk by investing in knowledge, protection
     and insurance.
 Build people’s resilience to withstand occasional
     shocks.
 Good preparation for risk does not mean there will not
     be occasional shocks that will affect the community, but buying insurance
     will reduce the impact of the shock.
 Healthy development will be achieved when resources are
     utilized optimally on acquiring knowledge through research, building protection
     and insurance.
 

If I am to
develop a new version of the game, I would create two versions, one would be
managing risk in low-income economy while the other would be for developed
economy. There is little or no resources in poor nations to invest in
knowledge, many universities are poorly funded with no fund for research,
insurance is poorly managed, risks that affect the poor were not covered,
protection not a priority, there is so much believe in cure rather than
prevention.

 

I will conclude
this essay with the story of some farmers in a village named Legbogbo in
Ode-Irele, Ondo state, Nigeria. In the 70s and 80s, there were lots of cocoa
farmers living in the community. In the 90s, annual wild fire raised its ugly
head, consuming all plants on its path. There was no risk management hence most
of the farms were destroyed. Now, majority of the flourishing, highly
productive cocoa plants are now replaced with low risk, less productive plants. 