8077487

1-    The game has
shown some aspects to confront in terms of decision making for risk management.
The most important in my opinion was keep the balance between development of
the village and/or simply prepare for the risks and shocks. You cannot leave
the development and stop upgrading the pods instead of preparing for risks, the
right, or the most efficient way I have found, was keep the right division of
resources and put it in the right moment or situation.Other point
is, if you do not prepare, you will pay the price later in time, because the
shocks will be much more serious and expensive blocking the way to success on
the game objectives.

2-    In the first
attempt on the game I have put many resources and time in the protection and
expended a lot on preparation, but did not focus on development of the village,
so after some time the generation of resources was not able to support the
system or reach the necessary goal. In the next attempt I have tried to balance
this resource distribution, focusing on buying insurance for the possible
threats and trying to enhance the pods in higher level as its possible, but the
amount of threats was too high. In another attempt I keep the same strategy used
before, maintaining the balance between development and preparation, but in
this time I have spent some time in research also, because this helped me to reduce
the quantity of damage produced on the meteors crashes or the volume of
incidents.

3-    In a new version,
I could suggest to add some social interactions, like population problems,
social differences in developing some parts of the village instead others,
violence, etc. 

I think it
was interesting too to alternate the type of incident too, like flooding, fire,
etc. It will make the interaction even funny and could connect more the player
to the game. This could be connected with the division of the investments in
each type of preparation/protection too.

The research could be more detailed, and bring some statistics about the
past events, the probability of new ones and the amount of money spent in the recovery of
this kind of event. This will provide information for focusing on the
preparation for the most important, expensive and frequent events.

In a final
observation, I think the game is extremely benefic for integrating the
knowledge and all the information given on the lectures and the 2014 report
with a “real” situation, demonstrating how hard is to synchronize and apply
logic decisions, based on facts, trying to reach the best solutions for a
population.