8078221

1)      In
the game, risk management involved protecting the pods from natural disaster – huge
waves due to shocks from the comets that land into the water. The goal was to
build resilience to the disaster by enhancing the ability to recover from the
shocks. The process of risk management which has 3 parts – confronting,
preparing and coping with the effects is clearly applicable in the game. First,
the danger need to be confronted as it was unavoidable. Second, preparation for
the risk by gaining knowledge about the extent of possible damage through
research and obtaining insurance; and lastly, coping – repairing the damage
caused by the disaster immediately.

With the help of research, one can
identify the amount of insurance required and be prepared. If the probability of
risk is low then one should go ahead with development.  Protection in terms of raising the ground
level did not seem that effective and therefore I chose to invest more in research,
development and insurance depending on the severity and chance of hit. If the
severity and chances of hit were more, I chose to buy insurance. If there was
no risk or less danger, I invested in development.

Preparation for risk helped resume
the development process quickly if damages were high and helped in making
better investment decisions.

 

2)      I
played the game more than once and the second time, my perception regarding preparation
for risk changed. The greater the insurance, the easier it gets to continue
development. Also, I understood the value of research. In the game, it gave me
more time to mitigate the risk and the damages but it also made it easy to know
how to develop quickly.

One thing which I was unable to understand
was how does research help in generation of funds in a real life scenario as
research is a huge expenditure for any organisation and nation.

The main thing I learnt from the
game, is managing risk of the same type with different levels of danger is
complex. One cannot concentrate only on research and not obtain protection. It is
a balancing act.

 

3)      The
game could include inflow of funds from outside so that development could
improve quickly and the impact of political relations that are currently going
on which would in turn impact the amount of funds flowing into the ‘country’
which would impact the speed of development occurring. On the basis of the
amount of development that took place in level 1, the foreign funds can be
adjusted accordingly. The funds would help in better managing risk. This will
make the game more real as in times of disaster, neighbouring countries or one
of the international organisations like World Bank usually come forward to help.