8080616

The goal of
the game was to establish a higher and higher developed society from one stage
to the other. Since development cost money it was necessary for one to
distribute the available amount between the development investment and either
rising the living space to save the house from floods or researching the
incoming threats. The main focus was for me to develop the houses to meet the
level goals. Because of this I started and build only a few settlements in the
beginning to see how costly their upgrades would be. After this I started to
research the meteoroids, focusing on the once with the higher damage and/or hit
threat. Furthermore it was important for me to make sure my houses were at least
insured to a rate of 50%. Even though I did this in every level, I only needed
the insurance’s help in the first round, since I waited with rising the living
area until the second stage. I have the feeling, that it was very important to
have the financial security the insurance offered me and paid me back 50% of
the damaged. This gave me the opportunity to invest more money in the buildings
and in particular in research.  After
having played the game I realize that rising the living area above ground is a measure
to safe the settlement in last second but at the same time comes at a high
cost. The cultural development is stalled for the moment and money is lost in
the process. After a while it became more important for me to focus on research
and leveling the buildings, though I did not follow this insight enough in my
last round and sacrificed too much of my money and even more of my development
on rising the ground, which lead to failing the round’s goal within the set
time limit. The most (cost-) effective measure really was to do proper research
on the relevant threats. This way I could avoid most damages to my houses just
be being reasonably prepared. Concluding from these experiences and since I
played the game only once I would definitely only rise the ground/protection in
the first and second round. Research and quick response in the case of a hit
seem to be the better choices in respect of developing the houses in the given
time limit. The concept of “protection” was not really clear to me right from
the beginning and I needed to figure out was the switch was doing, what
eventually hampered my development. In addition I think the emergency mechanic
of connecting the houses in case of a hit seems to be a bit clumsy even though
the idea behind it is absolutely reasonable. 

