8081275

Risk management gives us the tools to implement an all-round survival package in this game. The need vs cost of knowledge development, protection and insurance have to be assessed in a strategic way to achieve a realistic balance while knowing that, unfortunately, we can’t have it all.
I chose the highest insurance as a minimum standard in all rounds, limiting the number of pods but developing them as much as possible with the limited resources. The most difficult was to balance the resource-draining protection vs the resource-creating knowledge. During the first game, which I failed miserably, I increased protection every time a comet was on the horizon, to cautious to gain knowledge. Afterwards and as I climbed the levels, I could better assess how low I could keep the protection while gaining knowledge and still being able to make enough connections when a comet hit. Therefore, the largest tradeoff was the protection, which I kept at a bare minimum as I maximized knowledge to speed up the development meter. This strategy helped me to achieve a functioning community with limited pods, with a controlled wealth pool to cover the insurance in the long term (several levels) and pod upgrades and low protection just sufficient enough to make community connections for damage control (coping).
In the game, protection is gained by raising the earth level around the pods to secure them from the backlash of the sea, when the comets fall in. This is a simplified measure against a worldwide known issue (though not linked to comets): flooding. I'm currently living in the Philippines, where rising sea levels, strong rainy seasons and tropical storms play together to create massive floods, often in places where the evacuation of the water is compromised. Relocating communities to higher grounds is one of the solutions currently implemented after typhoon Yolanda. What strikes me in the game is that an additional challenge would be to plant trees (mangroves maybe?) to counter erosion when the grounds are elevated for protection. Every time the player lets the ground rise too high for the number of trees planted, one or more of the pods could get erosion-related damage not covered by the insurance. At the same time, the mangroves would lower the impact of the comets (by securing the shore). However, the trees would not survive to particularly strong shocks (e.g. damage 25%) and would need to be replanted.