8081570

RISK HORIZON – GAME REFLECTION

RISK MANAGEMENT IN CREATION OF A HEALTHY DEVELOPMENT

Community development is always a
continuous process which is built overtime. It requires collective action from
all actors in all systems [individuals, households, communities, states and others].
Its intensity is determined by both positive and negative changes. With change,
arises uncertainty that may give rise to positive or negative shocks. Therefore
good risk preparation [knowledge, protection and insurance] in advance, helps to
minimize the heavy costs which may be incurred to correct damages resulting
from the negative shocks.

By considering my experience with
the Risk Horizon game for instance, I observed that risk management constitutes
of research, protection and insurance and the ability to cope after damages have
occurred. Risk Management helped me to make more research about shocks/ comets,
determine their likely chances of happening, the time until impact and their associated
level of severity before they happened. Having unlimited research information
about the comets, thus enabled me to determine my preferred choice of insurance
cover [of 75% coverage for $175] for the worst probable damages which would
occur in my community and the rest of the World of Alora. This also helped me
to connect with other communities, by not only sharing information about damages
that comets may be caused across different communities; but also the collective ability
to recover. Because of the intra-community and inter-community teamwork, we also started to build pods around each community,
to protect it from being swept away by the strong waves created in case comets
hit into the ocean.

Through continuous research, when
I established that there were high chances of severe comets hitting several
communities; I quickly linked up again with other communities to confirm the
status of the pods. Fortunately, because of the protective measures we had put
together; when the first set of comets hit, there were no any damages caused
across all the communities.

However, because of this “paradox
of protection”, some communities were hugely damaged [game lost on level
three] afterwords.  In other words, it was that a
big lesson I picked that, when protection against frequent events suppresses
losses over an extended period of time; vigilance and risk awareness reduce.

Therefore, if there was an
opportunity for me to edit the game script; I would propose that it includes a
pop-up message that reminds the player about the “paradox of protection” for
every level he/she wins.

I indeed noted that the rate of
development can only be increased when there is a proactive, systematic and
integrated risk management strategy. This is because the shocks imposed by
comets were systemic in nature and appropriate and timely decision making was
critical.