8082167

Game reflection

The game
presented to us in the Risk Management MOOC allowed players
to make vital choices in order to ensure the growth, wealth, as well as
protection and insurance of a fictional town. Finding the right balance seemed
to be key: an exercise in balancing
certain measures. The choices I made were as follows. Of course, the goal is
for your town to grow enough to reach the threshold. That's where my emphasis
was in the beginning. Get a few pods out of the ground so they can generate
wealth, and upgrade them if possible (investment). In the meantime, I kept a
close look on the comets. Depending on the variables displayed in the comet
summary, I made the follow-up choices. Hence, monitoring of the comets
(knowledge/information) was very important for me in order to decide when and
how much protection was needed by either raising the platform (to reduce severity of impact), or getting a
certain degree of insurance (to reduce magnitude of damage). This way, I tried to limit the effect of
preparation  protection on the growth of the city, while making sure to get the required protection/insurance if necessary (depending on information).

I played
the game 3 times to see what a different strategy would do (already succeeded on 1st try). I tried two additional strategies, and both were less successful than my
first try. For example, I tried to build every vacant piece of soil full with
pods before upgrading them. The first couple of rounds this didn't pose a
problem, but later on I noticed that the necessary upgrades for individual pods
weren't there, so not enough growth was established and I failed in level 4 because
I didn't reach the threshold. It's obvious that the distribution was out of balance and that these decisions caused a failure. On my final go, I tried to
raise the platform as far as I could (protection) but this quickly resulted in
the same scenario, namely myself not reaching the designated goal because
investments (and growth) were lacking. These efforts made clear that finding
the right balance between knowledge, investment, protection and insurance are
absolutely key. A focus on only one thing will be a clear path to failure. I suppose this is true in real life situations as well, though
the degree of division will depend on the intrinsic situation.

In the end,
if I would change something to the game it would be rather minimal. What the
game tries to explain is very clear to me, the message of balancing efforts is clearly there. Adding another layer of
complexity would make the game a bit more interesting though. In this game, you somewhat rule as a dictator and your will becomes law. Real politics are far
more complex, especially in democracies where different parties, pressure
groups and supranational organizations also affect policy outcome. An option
where a certain measure you want to take (build, upgrade, get insurance,...) is
being blocked once in a while would be interesting. You'd have to compensate by
taking other measures in order to reduce the impact of a comet hit. Maybe this
would force the player to take a less appropriate measure, but that's what
happens in reality as well. Of course, you'd need some more flexibility in the
playtime of each round. But it would definitely make things very interesting.
Finally, this would demonstrate the complexity of how policy results in a
specific outcome (and why) which would be more in accordance with what happens
in the real world.