8082735

·       What was the role of risk management
in the game ?

To be hit
by a meteorite

·       What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in

- Terms of knowledge ? You need to forecast risks

-
Protections ? You have to anticipate protection

- Insurance
? You can’t avoid natural disasters, you need to cover yourself

·       In what ways did preparation for
risk affect development (immediately, of after some time) ?

After some
time, wrong preparation will impact you soon or later.

·       If you played the game only once, what
would you do differently if you were to play it again?

Read
instructions, do protect more your planet.

·       What were the main things you
learned from the game?

Be involved
in managing the risk, assure to be well protected

·       What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live ?

The game is
not to realistic, I think it would better to make a multiple choice. 

Despite, It
could teach us how to forecast risk in pro-efficiency way. You have to think
well and learn about events that occur to your country to reinforce the
probabilities of not damaging too much your environment. 

Sometimes
you have to spend money to prevent and have return on investment in a long term
frame. 

You can’t
avoid natural catastrophes as meteoroids. Therefore you need to focus on
priorities as how to reinforce your houses, streets, evacuation strategies to
avoid less damage as: Death, Hunger or Sickness. 

Some people
don’t take the opportunity due to habits or fear to change. In the agricultural
field, the best way is to educate and explain to people how to prevent low
seasons or bad weather. The supplies importance. The good example is the Chile
State – They knew few years ago the 3rd earthquake never recorded in
the story. It could massively impact the economy recover. Chilean president
applied a conservative and proactive risk politic reinforcing building and
streets.  The country suffered damages
but cities were not completely destroyed, which a massive positive impact
economy. Instead of suffering 10 years GDP recover, in three years Chile were
again competitive in the South American market which makes them nowadays one of
the first economy in the continent.

 

That shows
us investing in reinforcement, in collectivity knowledge, how to adapt their
behavior in massively disasters it can an extremely positive impact for people,
companies, state and a country.

