8085138

Because risk management is the process of confronting risks,
preparing for them, and coping with their effects, this game required the
player to use and understand risk management to prepare Alora for the risks of
comets. Risk management requires both preparation and coping and in this game I
was required to prepare for the comets by protecting the town and cope with
the damage by creating community connections or spending money on repairing the pods. As
the Luminator of Alora, I was forced to balance the concepts of Insurance,
Protection, and Research/Knowledge which all served crucially in developing Alora.
In an attempt to protect Alora, I had to spend some wealth to buy insurance,
spend money on protection (elevating the island), and sometimes forgo upgrading
some pods for research. Because of protection however, I was able to prevent
the pods from becoming damaged thereby increasing development and accruing more
wealth to furthermore spend on insurance, protection, and research.

I played this game twice. The first time I lost at the 2nd
level and the second time I lost at the 5th level. What I changed from the first
time to the second time is that I spent significant more time on research than
on protection. In the first round, I spent much more time on protection because
I thought protection meant that Alora would be protected from every comet. What
I didn't realize is that protection costs a lot of money and it does not 100%
guarantee that no damage will come. In the first round, I didn't realize the
value of community connections and forgot that "coping" is a big part
of risk management. The second time I played the game, I balanced protection
and research, therefore including both the "preparation" and "coping"
aspects of risk management. I was significantly more successful the second time
around.

If I were to change one aspect of the game, I would add that
the pods closer to the coast of Alora would be more vulnerable
to damage by comets than other pods. This is because adding this component makes Alora
more like risk that occurs on this planet. If there is tsunami or hurricane, coastal
regions of a country are more vulnerable to damage so these regions need more
resources, protection, and community connections than other regions of the country. In the game,
I would have added that it costs more money to repair the damages of the pods
near the coast or required that the pods near the coast require more protection
than the pods that are located closer to the center of Alora. 

 

 