8086596

The game, although simple to understand, was very difficult to play. The role of risk management and the amount of resources on spent on risk management were very crucial to the game. The game was a apt demonstration of why risk management is important for sustainable development and how and it can be done.Risk management was very important to the keep playing the game and sometime a choice had to be made whether to invest in risk management or growth. Implementing risk management in the first few attempts was difficult but as I played more I got to know how much risk management is needed to cope and protect effectively. Protection by raising the height of the ground was quite effective but after some time it became expensive. Also as the height used to reduce after each shock added to the cost. Insurance helped a lot in reducing the cost of repairs and proved to be very effective. Disasters had a very severe short term effect as the development reduced by a lot. Also as the pods were partly destroyed the overall rate if growth reduced as the pods were repaired and also a lot of money was also the which had the opportunity cost for potential pod upgrades and potential development.I played the game a couple of times and changed parameters in the way. The major mistakes I made in my first attempt were not buying insurance, not researching about the meteors and not building many pods. I then played again and corrected my mistakes and then I was able to reach to level 2. I think buying insurance was extremely useful because it drastically reduced the cost of repairs and saved a lot of money to invest in other resources. In my later attempts I also saw the severity of the destruction caused by the meteor and the the possibility of the meteor hitting. This made it easier to judge when a height raise was needed, when do upgrade pods and when to buy insurance.I think the only major change I would like to make is sudden disasters. As we saw in the lecture videos not all disasters such as earthquakes can be predicted well before they strike and so it is important to know how to prepare and cope with such unexpected disasters. This would not only make the game more challenging but would give a more realistic experience to the gamers of how to deal with risk, systematic and idiosyncratic.