8086461

Risk Horizon is a good game to play if you want
to understand more about risk management. n that game we do the risk management
in a planet practically. We have a mission to fulfill; we must make the
prosperity in an area that we manage to be above the standard in every level. And
we also need to confront a risk of a comet hitting the water surface which
could lead to flood and damage the planet. In order to confront the risk we
have three ways that we can take. First one is by buying an insurance, second,
by buying protection to our land (in this game we upgrade the land to get
higher) and last is by doing some research about a comet to buy some time for
our community to prepare themselves for damage. 
This game is a good example doing a risk management like in real life.
In the game you must try to balance the development of your area and prepare
about the risk that you will confront such as flood.

Playing this game gives us a simple experience
about how to manage the risk in our life by buying insurances to protect our
resource like our health, home, land, and etc. It is something we can do to
confront the risk. The Intention of buying the insurance is to share the risk that
we confront to community. if we
don’t do this, if something bad happen (natural disaster for example) to
ourselves then we replace it by ourselves too, but if we buy insurance for our
health or land then something bad happen, the community which also buy the
insurance will carry the loss, not just ourselves. Buying Insurance is very
helping to Individuals who are vulnerable to risk It makes them have more percentage of success by
taking the risks. Doing research to the risks that we confront is good to do,
because it makes the community know how to confront the risks better. Buying
something for protection like flood wall or making the ground higher is
important too. Buying protection can help the community to be less vulnerable
to the risks and increase the percentage of gaining prosperity. 

After playing Risk Horizon there is something we
can add to make it better. We can add an optional list of building that we can
choose such as an educational building. If we can add that to the game it can
make the game get better. Because in many country especially in develop country,
there’s been a lack of educational facility like in my country, Indonesia. When
we provide educational building, the community can access it easily to it then
upgrade their basic knowledge. With better knowledge, they can understand information
or instructions easily including the instruction of government about risk
management.