8089145

During the game the decisions, that were made were crucial for the successful completion of each level and for the survival of the community, without the risk management the community would not survive the possible damages and on the other hand would not develop at all. All decisions were risk management decisions and for making them there was information needed, therefor the research was one of the most important decisions during the whole game. Without the needed information it would not be possible to make the right decision about the protection level and the insurance. The risk management decisions were also consistent with the development of the community. The opportunities for development should not be neglected, because they lead to a prosperity. The decisions for protections were not immediately visible, but only  after the comet hit the water, if the protection level was high the damage were not that high percentage as if the protection level was low. In my case I played the game more than once. The first time I did not invested enough resources in research , but after the unsuccessful completion of the level , I took a different risk management decisions and invested in research more than in the first try. On the other hand, during my second try I invested more resources in terms of time and money in protection,because I realized that the protection is also crucial for the completion of the level and with better protection the damages are much less. Furthermore during both tries I was buying the highest insurance level possible despite the price of the insurance, because the insurance provide faster and cheaper recovery after the comet hits the water.If I could change the game in terms of risk management, I would add decision about the coping after the damage, because the coping is important for the survival of the community. Furthermore the coping phase shows if the community has gained enough knowledge about the possible damages and on the other hand the coping can assists the community on their development. If the needed coping actions are taken the community can also take advantage of possible opportunities and might even increase its development options in terms of more resources or different possibilities. The whole game precisely reflected the importance of risk management and helped a least me to understand that there should be done enough not only for insurance, protection and research, but also for development.