8090965

Risk management played a pivotal role in the game, particularly
in relation to ensuring that the community had insurance, that appropriate
levels of knowledge were available to determine which comet to focus attention
on vis-à-vis expect severity of impact. Importantly, as it was impossible to
undertake risk management roles simultaneously, and concurrently develop the
community for improved quality of life, the issue of trade-offs was central to
risk management in this instance. 

I found that I opted to ensure that the households had insurance
as it reduced the cost of rebuilding, while being forced to forgo the provision
of other protections (such as raising the land) in order to focus on gaining as
much knowledge as possible about individual comets, and to ensure that there
was sufficient financial resources to build pods, upgrade pods, buy insurance,
and reconstruct pods after a comet hit (since risk could not be completely
eliminated).

Preparation for risk meant that the upgrading of pods took
longer. Financial resources were reserved for inevitable pod reconstruction,
and time resources were needed gather knowledge related to likelihood of a
comet impacting, and the severity of that impact.

I played the game multiple times, attempting to determine the
best strategy vis-à-vis balancing development against risk management given the
costs of both and the financial and time resources at hand. Initially I would
only build 1-2 pods but later discovered that larger numbers of pods were
necessary in order to accumulate financial resources to move on to the next
level. This meant that I decided to forgo one aspect of protection (raising the
land) as it was both financially and time-resource intensive. This strategy
allowed for quickly moving from level 1 to level 2, and later to level three as
I learned how to balance the building of pods with the upgrading of pods
vis-à-vis the expected financial costs of reconstruction after a shock.

Overall, the key take-away for me from this game is that in some
cases, you cannot achieve all of your goals. Assigning significant resources to
improving information and knowledge means less resources can be devoted to
development or increasing protection. It also forces you to identify your priorities.
In my case, it was to focus on knowledge so that the impacts of the shock were
less because community connections could be significantly improved, rather than
to devote .time to increasing the protection of the community through the
raising of the land as its benefits were less and did not dramatically reduce
the costs of reconstruction.