8090373

The game “Risk Horizon”
has a propulsive structure for risk management in terms of the appearances and control
of: shocks as the effect of damages; internal conditions as the pod status,
insurance and , protection controls; various type of comets as representing the
external environment; achievement of levels as the outcome of the whole
management.  Accordingly, the role of
risk management in the game is to help grow a sustainable environment in a
healthy way.  The decisions I made during
the game were basically the key components of risk management: knowledge,
protection, insurance, and coping. To clarify, I was able to understand the prediction
of shocks by observing the comets’ severity and hitting chances as I controlled
my internal resources to reduce the uncertainty such as researching and
protection. Moreover, the trade-offs while I was protecting my pods were
researching and developing/ building pods or vice versa. Therefore, as I kept
expanding and developing my pods I observed the external conditions (comets) and
took the most relevant action according to the severity and chances of the
comet to hit. Furthermore, when I realized the high possibility of a comet to
hit I invested on insurances and increased my protection. However, the
preparation for risk affect development did not propound an immediate response;
increasing the protection bar needed too much time and the more protection I
had the more I could cope with the risks of damages. Thus, I personally would say that having a long term
view was the most important feature of the game. 

Before playing the game
I obtained the instructions from the tutorial, in other terms this was the
information that I needed for my incentives. Moreover, if I could call this an
incident happened in other territory, this was my opportunity to manipulate the
outcomes. If I were to play the game more than once I could probably do a
better cost-benefit analysis whilst I control the trade-offs; by this means I
could manage measuring the predictions more consciously. 