8093573

Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development is the very vast field as per the current scenario. In this type of management one have to take some risk for must needed development. But we can take risk beyond the certain limit. so that study of risk management is heart of any type of the organization.  So purpose of this game is that one can easily get idea about his/her role regarding to risk.As we all know 
knowledge, protection, and insurance are the vital part of any type of risk management. whenever we think about certain development , then first of all we have to collect the all information i.e suppose a farmer named ROY wants to improve his land fertility and thus he wants batter outcome. so that for that first of all he has to collect all data related to his outcome , land detail, role of environment etc. Thus after obtain all this data next task is analyse this data carefully and make some usu-full conclusion. As we all know outcome of a farmer is mainly depends upon the rain. So during the planing he must take some protection against dry situation. So that he has to take some insurance which is easily provided by the government  now a days. Thus risk and protection are two side of one coin.It is not necessary that any type of risk reflects immediate outcome . taken risk may affect the development immediately or some time after certain period. This game also reflect this same thing in easy manner.In this game we have to develop  a community which can not be affected by the shocks which are produce by the falling comets.So that our task in this game is upgrade podes such that community can develop at its best. For this we can use power like research ,protection and insurance. main task is to make the balance between development and the insurance. When we have limited fund then balancing between risk for development and insurance is play vital role. By obtaining insurance, pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost development time after you your pods are repaired! Click the insurance button at the bottom left of the screen to open the insurance purchase menu and select a plan. By matching your level of protection, indicated by the meter to the right of the slider, with the severity of the comet, you will prevent your pods from being damaged! But remember, the more you lift, the more this power costs.              