8098225

After four attempts to beat level 1 I realized that the role
of risk management in Risk Horizon was to display that coordination failures
impair risk management. The challenge after initiating the building in/of the
village was to coordinate further development, knowledge from research,
protection, and insurance.  As I
played the game I realized that access to knowledge and resources was key—if I
spent all my money developing my village I didn’t have enough money for
research or protection, let alone insurance.  The key was finding the balance of development, research, protection,
and insurance.  At first I
struggled to translate the information I gained through research into action.
One of the biggest things I learned from this game was that a lack of resources
hampered what could be achieved and the type of solutions and measures that are
desirable; in other words my ability to purchase insurance or protect my
village when I most needed to was directly influenced by the money in the bank.  By the time I had finally beaten the
level I realized that I couldn’t develop all the land; I had to develop 2-3
houses to level 2 before the first meteor flared.  Then, when a meteor showed I had to immediately click to
research and thereby gain knowledge, which helped me to initially determine
what level of insurance I could purchase immediately (perhaps I could buy low
initially, protect, and then if I still had time before impact buy a higher
insurance policy).  

If I were to change an aspect to represent risk management
choices in the Phoenix, Arizona area I would include aspects regarding flooding
and/or potable water.   The Tempe area is prone to flooding and has
the potential to flood annually during the summer rains; this has been a
problem in the past, when flooding prevented residents from crossing the river
bottom and another year, heavy flooding damaged two major bridge crossings from the Scottsdale and Phoenix areas into Tempe.  Presently, dams along the Salt River to
the north retain and release water at a steady rate.  Arguably more important, is the issue of potable water.  Currently multiple states rely on the water
of the Colorado River.  What if
something happened to the water supply?