8099117

The role of risk management in the game was one of compromise, adaption, and interpreting the cost-benefit of different resource allocations.  You had meteors coming, of what size you barely knew, and you needed to spend that money as best you can, all while allocating the proper time and dollars on research.  When you prepare for risk, that’s money and resources you can’t commit to development.  And when you develop, it’s more expensive to prepare for risk.  You also have to consider liquidity, or stores of money, as you need to preserve some of that for future expenditures, both in terms of investment and paying for damage (with or without insurance).Judging by my only reaching level three, I’m not sure I can say I truly got what the proper balance was.  What I did pull out of the game was the importance of that balance, and the difficulty of finding it.  I kept tinkering with my reliance on insurance, building, and research and a could never find the right mix.  I really liked the idea of social preparation, but how that reacted with research I could figure out.  It was an odd salad, is what I’m saying. I ’m sure I would have, with time, gotten their eventually.  I suppose it’s all just ongoing progress, though.  Funny because in real life there is no ‘beating’ the risk management game.Obviously, solidifying your infrastructure and insuring against losses is a question of opportunity cost: since building your buildings tall makes repairing them more expensive, the value of the more expensive insurance plans, relative the other costs, increases.  I imagine I could have perfected this for all four variables, finding the correct balance, but I’m not sure I understood the relationship of the raising the platform and research had.  I sort of just randomized those to see which was best.If I wanted the game to better represent real life choices, I’d want the every ten attempts or so to get ruined regardless of how well you played the game.  Or, at least, I’d add a simple mechanism for reacting to an external set of pods, one in which their actions alter the proper balance of your variables.  Additionally, adding the ability to take on debt would be a fun twist.  You could borrow money to really solidify your circumstances, or even just to develop, but then if you needed the money paid back and something went wrong, you’d have to deal with that.