8099732

The task of protecting the village from meteors demanded a trade-off
between knowledge, protection and insurance as all three elements were equally
important for risk management while, the resources needed for the same, in
terms of time and money were limited. Knowledge
had to be gained about the severity and the probability of the striking of
meteors. To increase the accuracy and authenticity of the knowledge available,
time had to be dedicated for research. To undertake protection measures, time as well as monetary resources had to be
shelled out. Similarly, to insure
the village and its infrastructure against damage from meteors, money had to be
spent. Spending resources on one element of risk management meant denying the
other two of the resources necessary to utilise them. Thus, it was important to
strike a balance in the resources allocated to each element. In my opinion,
knowledge was the foundation of risk management meant to be practiced in the
game. My plans for protection and insurance depended upon the information
available. For example, high severity prompted me to choose a higher amount of
insurance coverage and ensure a fair amount of protection. Zero severity delivered
the privilege of channelising resources towards developmental activities of the
village. 

Preparation for risk, that is, protection helped in reducing the damage
caused by the disaster in the short run, through saving lives and property. Insurance
helped in repairing and rebuilding structures at a minimum cost, which accounts
to medium –term impact on development. In the long run, efficient utilisation
of resources left enough to be dedicated to development and up-gradation of infrastructure


I played the game more than once. Initially, the knowledge on the
potential disaster did not guide my decisions. I utilised all the elements of
risk management blindly. I had the tendency to allocate greater time and money
towards protection. It was on only later that I realised that, I could make efficient
utilisation of resources by paying careful attention to the knowledge of the meteors.
This realisation gave me opportunities to undertake developmental activities in
the village instead of always focusing on preparing for a disaster. I even
realised that by dedicating more time for research, better decisions can be
made, as the predictability becomes closer to reality. Once a disaster strikes,
the immediate attention that needs to be dedicated to community networking in
order to leverage mutual support was highlighted in the game. Often, when
community networking was promptly facilitated by me, I observed that the damage
caused by the meteor was nil or low. Once a disaster strikes, I learnt that resources
had to be spent not only to repair the damages caused but also to immediately and
simultaneously start preparing for a future potential disaster. In the game, I
came across instances where, the meteor would start approaching even before I
had completed repairs of the buildings damaged by the previous meteor 

I live in Bangalore, India which is known for heavy road traffic. Road accidents
are very common in the city killing hundreds annually. I would like to develop
a game that would help manage the risk of accidents. A change I would like to
bring in is to add specific choices required to be made by the players under ‘protection’,
‘knowledge’, and ‘insurance’. For example, the players would have to select from
among the risk management choices under ‘protection’ that are available with
the citizens, the traffic police, the law makers, etc. Similarly, the players
would have to distinguish and choose from the efforts needed to be made by
various stakeholders in order to disseminate ‘knowledge’ on ‘accidents’. 