8101743

The game
showed how to manage risk to attain our developmental goals. The game has shown
that risk management strategies can be broadly categorised into protection,
insurance and knowledge.  These strategies
have to be mixed optimally to achieve the best results. For   buying
insurance of various degrees we have to pay premiums and  protection also is costly. These   put a
constraint on the strategy. However   there is no strategy suitable for all
situations. When we research on the characteristics of the meteors heading
towards Alora we learn about the severity and chances of hitting. When  the severity and chance of hitting  are low 
knowledge and protection are to be stressed.  When   the severity and chance of hitting are
high  knowledge, protection and insurance
are to be stressed. When the meteor approaches fast it makes sense to do research
to give knowledge to the people how   best to meet the challenges. Very severe hits
cannot be managed with either insurance or knowledge. Yet  there is no denying the fact that knowledge in
terms of ability of the people to cope is very important. Preparation for risk
can definitely minimise the losses. If  the expected losses from risk are guaranteed
to be minimised we would be able to take higher risks to go with better
opportunities. Risk  and opportunity are
two sides of a coin.

I
played the game several times  without
keeping any count and I am confident that I can do better . Experience really
counts in the game  and also in risk
management. I experimented with numerous possibilities  starting from doing nothing staring out in
the night sky to doing only one of the strategies with mixed strategies  in between to examine the risk management
outcome in terms of the level of the game.  The game taught us the alternative
possibilities. It also taught us that risk cannot be totally eliminated.

Though
 the game has given a compartmentalised
view of risk management strategies, interaction among the components should be
properly understood. In any real life situation knowledge in terms of the risk
should be there first before the stakeholder is 
ready for the complementary measures. Once we are convinced that the
risk can be managed through protection, insurance and knowledge in our own
interest  we become amenable to such
strategies rather than waiting for it to happen assuming the inevitability. Knowledge
creates a conducive environment for risk management strategies. People  will realise the importance of insurance and
protection. .It  will take care of the
common scenario where people shun insurance .Thus my version of the game will
have the interface among these components.