8102372

The Risk Horizon game gave me an insight to Risks and
Development. It actually gave a better understanding of the material I had read
and the videos that I watched.

The first thing I got from the
game was that resources are limited. By resources I am referring to time and
money. I had to use the very little time to protect the PODS, buy insurance and
at the same time build and rebuild the community. That was a real task it took
me a while to manage the limited resources to get to level four. This taught me
that limited resources have to be effectively budgeted to produce results. Time
was really essential for building the community, for acquiring more cash and  knowledge of the comets, and even for observing the atmosphere
for comets. Improving the PODS also needed some time. as a result there was the need to take risks by making a choice as to how manage the available resources. Risk management played a major role and this came out naturally in the game, I played it more than once and at each stage I understood the importance of risk and opportunities available. 

Insurance was quite low at Level
1 but was quite necessary. The cost of insurance went up as the game progressed.With maximum insurance and protection of the PODs
through knowledge acquisition; PODS that were damaged by the comets were
quickly repaired at lower cost. The rebuilding took some time and this shows
that it takes some come back normal when disaster strikes. With no insurance
the community would have to lie in ruins till help came from elsewhere and this
would surely affect the rebuilding of the community as the limited cash would
have to spread over for building and rebuilding. I noticed the building the
community became more and more expensive with sophisticated development thus
the need for a higher insurance cover.

Research, knowledge and
protection in the game also cushion the level of stress,I invested a lot of time and money in this. At a certain point
when insurance and research were in place the comets hit my projects with
little or no damage. Like the insurance the   
cost of researching becomes higher with the development of the PODS. I also noticed that research
did not stop but was continuous. There is always a drop in the research
level when there is a disaster thus the need to do more. It is easier to bounce
back to normal overcoming financial constraints and that of time when there is
enough research and insurance in place. Effects of disasters at this stage are
highly managed, however it became obvious that disasters cannot be controlled. The comets kept coming
at their own pace. With knowledge and research on the comets I could identify
comets that could cause destruction and those that could not.

To conclude  the Risk Horizon game taught me that there should be a
balance on how resources which are limited are utilized in each community. Development
is as essential as protection, insurance and research. Risk management is very essential as well as coping with the
rebuilding of the community with the scarce resources after a disaster. As I continued playing I saw the essence of occasionally  suspending the building of the PODS for research and development and the purchase of expensive insurance policies. Unfortunately, my highest level was three, time was a crucial factor. To change the game I would give players at level four onward more time, about three minutes.