8103903

This game has made me aware of the crucial role in risk management. Specifically, the role of the management of risk in the game was to identify, assess and prioritize face threats from comets. This management also involves strengthening resilience to the prosperity of the island. By playing the game, I learned  various notions of prosperity such as information retrieval, protection, insurance and updating information to develop Alora. To achieve protection of the environment as well as the progress achieved in the development process. But I was faced with obstacles and tried to fill my bar building and upgrading pods. This procedure helped me to learn and understand how coordinate economic upplication of ressources to minimize, monitor and controle the probability and impact of infortunate events. In terms of knowledge, I learned to give unplanned and ad hoc responses following a structural approach through preventive action in the preparation of the management of the negative impact of comets. This approach has been to collect information, details on the severity on each of the comets in identifying the set of compromise or adverse consequences and their barriers to proper management of systemic shock. This influenced the development of Alora immediately. According to these data, I made a judgment in setting priorities before building fewer houses separately, taking account of my capital that I must not at any price to save me wasting potential consequences. For me it was a constraint to avoid loss due to mismanagement due to a high shot. Otherwise, I find myself with less financial resources, retrofits, solidification of damaged houses or elevation of the island even if I should use insurance. This exercise has helped me to save and balance its resources to a particular action. In this case, the insurance has proved a great need to lessen the impact of certain adverse shocks. If I should replay this game, I must begin by establishing a set of specifications before commencing any action against comets. I want to save more by obtaining information on different comets. In my case, if we were to change something in this game, I would suggest that increases more money in the account to complete after certain actions. I can go further by creating a safety device that alerts the entire community before comets trigger. I would put in place an anti-comet or an air shield system whose mission is to intercept and destroy comets in space even before they reach the ground.