8104259

Game Code : YLN96hsPart 1 : Risk Management Role in this game :I learnt from this game is the important of knowledge. I do not have enough knowledge to play this game, even though there are a clear instruction. However, when I played this game I panic and forget about that has been written on the rules of the game. KNowledge plays critical role in risk management. Insurance is the most easier part when I played this game, because I just need purchased the highest protection plan in order to eliminate the damages. However, I experienced through this game, great insurance plan will go with high cost. Last but not least, protection. I think, the most difficult part of risk management is protection due to encertainty risk. Most of the time, we could not predict the damages, even though we have done lots of reseraches, especially when multiple risks are involved. Therefore, I believe we could not avoid all risk, but we could eliminate it until unsignificant damages will be happen.Part 2 : The different experience from the first played the game compared with I were to play it again is :When I played this game first time, I got a lausy score. Then when I played it again and again, the score was getting better even though is not sufficient enough. I learnt that we need to exercise preventive action towards potential damages. Survival and/or evacuate procedure is not enough, but only practise make it perfect. I remember my Japanese and my Yogyakarta friends responced in time of earthquake. My Japanese friend stayed calm, opening the door, and hiding safely until the earthquake passed. Meawhile my Yogyakarta friend was panic and run away from house together with other people in town. The response is difference because in Japan, they educate how to survive from earthquake since they were very young including exercise. In Indonesia, we do not have enough education about earthquake.Part 3 : The proposal of risk Management Choices that presents my country is : Traffic JamTraffic jam is a common problem for  Indonesia, especially in the big cities, such as Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Denpasar, Medan, Semarang, Bogor, etcI would like to propose to create a game to educate people about preventive action to solve traffic jam, such as safe riding, positive behavior on the road, and willingness to use public transports. Even though government role and regulation are critical to solve this problem, but I would like to emphasis on people part to solve this traffic jam problem. In the end of this game, I propose to providing a inspirational image about suitable traffic condition if everyone behave nicely on the road. I believe everyone in the world want to have a better living standard and live peacefully in the better place. 