8105132

Risk Horizon is a strategy game to teach how and why risk
management important for a healthy society. Risk Horizon is a nice game that teaches balanced risk preperation and healthy development of the society. In order to achieve success in this game, one has to investigate the researches, consider the limited sources in hand and get insurance for the claims faced.While playing the game; you have to follow the information about the comets that could possibly harm the environment. You have to learn about the chance of hitting, severity and the researches. And then you have to decide to take precautions while developing the community. You have to balance the use of your scarce resources in the game.In the first game I played, I can not decide what to do and how to allocate the resources. But after I got experience after some games I played, I could easily decide what to do and be more successful.To be successful in the game, you have to care about the researches and develop to community to get more wealth (gain more coins) and take the necessary precautions and insurance with your limited resources. (money) People have to spend more time on researches to protect the environment. But as the money you have is limited, you should use this resource in a most balanced way. At one side, you have to develop the community by building new buildings and upgrade these buildings; at the same time you have to take the necessary actions to protect them. These actions are protecting the land and the insurance. By protecting land, you could prevent the harm from the environment and by insurance you could easily repair the harms after a damage.If I produce a new version of this game, I can add some new destroy types like earthquakes fires and etc. to increase the difficulty level. As my country Turkey is the the earthquake zone and there are regular earthquakes in time which had destroyed the buildings and many people died. By the new handicaps, the game players have to decide for more precautions. In this way, game players could learn more about researches and giving decisions for using the scarce resources. In the real environment, people generally do not care about the researches , but they could prevent most of the losses if they care about these researches and get the necessary actions by caring about these information.