8106182

I have a compulsive personality which does not lend itself
to playing video games.

I read all the texts from videos, the chapter from the
development report and was pleased with my comprehension, however putting it
into practice using the game was for me very difficult.

The game is based on risk and how to play protection against
insurance whilst learning as you go. Each time I played I tried to do things
differently on what I had learnt previously. 
I played too many times and did not see any improvement in attaining
entry to level 4.

Infuriatingly, I have wasted the best part of a Sunday
getting worse at a game! I managed to do better earlier in the day. Getting to
level 4 was beyond me or should I say beyond the will to waste any more time.

The elements of the game, development meter, wealth pool,
building the pods, insurance, risk, comet severity, chance of impact, research
and repairs was like juggling (another skill I don’t have) give you a very
clear perspective on what elements are integral to developing opportunities and
risk assessment in a real life situation. 
Luckily for the people living in the pods, they were not relying on me
to help them develop a safe life and future.

I assumed that insurance had to be taken since in the game,
it is not a question of if, but when a comet hits. Getting the pods built and
keeping them in shape (high enough above the waves) was very difficult. I got a
better score when I did not really know how the research worked. By just doing
some research on the comet seemed to work better than actually doing a lot of
research. In the game I spent as much money as possible and could not just
leave it (build up a reserve) to see how I would get on.

I wish I had only played the game once, but I had to keep
playing. Since I did not advance past level 3 I cannot say I improved, though
my pods were all getting bigger but I kept just missing reaching the
development meter marker, to level 4.

I don’t think I know enough to request a design improvement
to the game.  It may be a bit callous but
maybe if the population of each pod was also incorporated then it would become
less of a game (or that you would take a bit more care in the choices you take)
but keep you focused on what it might be like in a real life situation.

As I said earlier I do not play games and only because it
was part of this course, I would not have done it.  I hope my aversion to games has not taken away
from my learning experience.  I am sure
though that many students will really appreciate the game as it is a novel way
of working the theories into practice without having to take the responsibility
of having people’s lives at stake.

 