8107228

From the game, the role of risk management was to reduce
loses rendered by the impacts of the comets while increasing gains accrued through
the development schemes. To engage risk management strategies, I had to decide
on when to be developing, researching, which insurance policies to purchase and
how to protect the island without jeopardizing levels of earnings. Some of the
trade-offs I had to undertake included cutting short research when the chances
of hitting and severity seem to be on the lower side, then I would invest the
time on raising protection. Another trade off included purchasing higher
insurance policies to cushion against shocks before starting to upgrade the
developments. I realized that in instances where I had a balance of risk
management that is including knowledge, insurance and protection, the relative
gains from development were higher and recovery was quicker than where risk
management was not well balanced such as not carrying out research or not
increasing protection levels even when the insurance is proper.

I played the game more than once and it was only after some
trials that I realized why I was not managing to even complete level one.
Despite buying insurances within time and having 100% developments, the
after-shocks were very devastating. After a few tries I realized investing some
time on research actually did help elevate the impact when it came to
networking. I also realized that I had been leaving the protection option
unattended and after raising the protection levels a couple of levels, the
damage impact seemed to get lower from the 50%s I was earlier getting to 20%s
and below. The game taught me the importance of balancing knowledge, protection
and insurance and when to initiate each and when one is allowed to trade-off
one for another in risk management in order to increase gains from development.

My proposal towards the game development would be to have an
option for the user to allocate funding to research by building research
facilities and inclusion of a warning system e.g. notification area instead of
clicking on a comet. When damaged, the user then has the decision to repair the
facility and/or even add more to accelerate research. Likewise the player
should be able to allocate funds on protection and given more protection
options e.g. dykes, trees, etc. instead of simply raising the island level. These proposals would make the game more realistic and interactive than simply clicking and waiting for sliders to move as decision making options will be increased