8112221

Firstly, I would like to say that it took me a
long time before I did realize how the game worked properly, for instance,
regarding the protection I did not know that I could keep that bottom just up
and it would be going up. Anyway, after playing the game I could learn something
new as the comments at the end of the it always gave me different and
interesting tips. For this reason, every time I was playing better taking
better decisions to get the best opportunity and benefit taking risks.

 

During the hole game,
one thing that I have been doing all the time is getting insurance for 75%, as
I think that if you have the money, is better to invest in a good insurance and
get the highest income in case of a disaster to prevent a crisis. 

As I said, at the beginning
I did not know how the protection level worked, so I didn’t get much protection
and I was losing high percentage of my assets. Slowly I could improve the
protection and get more benefits and get less impact from the meteorites.

Furthermore, one more
mistake I made it was that I was investing creating a lot of pods spread out
until I realized that it was better just to build one, a bit later on another
one… and try to update to the next stage at least one of them before finishing
the first level. Also, I started building them together, next to each other to
reinforce themselves. We can apply this fact into our normal lives, as if we
work together in societies, we can support to each other in case of crisis,
help sharing equipment, knowledge on research, etcetera… 

Slowly, as I have been
improving the steps on the game and learning from the tips, I could get
more and more benefit. Unfortunately I couldn’t reach level 3, I have been very
close but not possible. My conclusion would be that taking responsible management decisions by taking risks, we have the opportunity to get better benefits or less damage avoiding crisis learning from the past experiences. 

Regarding the choice I
would made if I could change or add something on the game, I would add the
personal facts that can happen, not only externals, like get stolen, or not
being able to work for disease… However, that would get the game much more
complex and I think that made as it has been done is good enough to make us
learn what we need to learn and to implement what we learnt 