8112352

Risk Horizon reflectionFirst and foremost, I wish to thank all the persons
involved in a direct or indirect manner the realization of the Word Development
Report 2014 and its MOOC, “Risk and Opportunity, Managing Risk for development,
so many…This is core thinking for XXI century, a sustainable thinking and
acting process, a way of life.  This software allows me to practice some concepts about risk,
opportunities and balance with available resources. I read the material, the FAQS;
practice with the tutorial the get a good understanding of the game. Then I
played and took notes. I studied the variables comets, pods, insurance,
protection, how to get knowledge and their process to achieve a balance. This
was very interesting process, because everything has part on the game and I
learned a lot through assays.  Research
to be prepared is not enough, actions are required, updating information, make
decisions without complete information… the develop meter is a cool thing all
the time. I loved it. And the connections when the disaster comes and the
community is coping with its effects were so illustrative. The core information
to act was of course, the comets: security, research, protection and probability
of hit, different kinds, different speed, sometimes lack of information… That took
my mind busy several times, trying to find the best spot for the pods and
reduce the damages. But then, I review my notes to see what I been assaying and
discover a detail that gave me the opportunity to reach level 5. I watch very
closely each time the game put some information or gave me something when I
used the cursor of the mouse. No damage is key concept, even if reparation is
available. I do not play games in computer, so it was a new thing for me. Time
flies…This is a game for strategic thinking : I need to be very
focused, alert and concentrated to find each time a better way not only care
but develop the wellness of the community. I learn by experience all the
information given in the rules of the game, the tutorial, the FAQs and of
course, inside the game to envision a purpose and reach it. I knew it will very
hard for me level 6, so level 5 could be an affordable goal, getting 10 of 10
points. It was hard but fun.I learned that is not enough research and preparation,
the actions have to be coordinated and timing with the development of the
disaster, to take full advantage of insurance, protection, an upgrading in a
bold action. Thinking out of the box was prime matter. I can do more that I was
thinking I can did in each level of the game.









In a new version, I would propose to add a barrier in
the reef, upgradable as protection, random   meteor showers…
Unpredictable, jamming the research… And sound.