8114787

(I'm not a native English speaker ;-))The idea of
risk management in the Risk Horizon Game was to lower the damage caused by
comets and to support development. I played the game quite often and I always tried to change the expenses
of risk management but the result was basically always the same – game lost
after level 2/3. My first idea was to spend as much money as possible on
research, protection and development and not to focus on one of them. In almost
every level I chose to get the best insurance though as it appeared that the
costs of damages were always higher than the insurance costs, so insurance was
cost-effective. I also tried to spend a lot on protection because it lowered
the percentage of damage significantly. So, I basically tried to balance the
expenses for risk management equally. 

I expected
that to be the best way to lower the damage but it actually wasn’t. I got the
best result when I didn’t spend any money on research but a lot on protection
and development, esp. development. It is true that the more money I spent on
risk management the lower the damage and the costs to repair the pods were. But
when I did it like that, the bar on the left side was always red and I lost the
game. Sometimes, the more money I spent, the worse it got, so in that case the game did not always
confirm what we learned in the course. But, when you have the financial
resources and the only expense you have is risk management, then what’s the
point of not spending it on more effective risk management but saving it? So
that’s one of the things I learned from the game – that even when you have the
resources and you spend them on risk management, it is not a guarantee that is works. 

What I also
learned is that sometimes you are just lucky or you are not. When you’re doing
quite well during a level and a bad comet hits you in the last few seconds, the
bar turns red and you lose. If that same comet has hit me some time before, I
would have had enough time to recover, so sometimes it is just all about luck.
So, what I would change about the game is the division into levels and the strict
deadline. Of course, time is a factor and the faster you can recover when a shock
hits you, the better. But in real life there is no deadline either, so that
when a shock hits you close to a deadline you are lost and your risk management
was worth nothing.. so, to sum it up, it was an interesting but frustrating game to play, which sometimes did and sometimes didn't confirme what we learned before.

