8115550

MY NAME IS PRINCE AKOMEAH, A STUDENT OF THIS MOOC.THIS IS MY THE
GAME REFLECTION OF THE RISK HORIZON GAME.

What
was the role of risk management in the game? 

What
choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of
knowledge, protection, and In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately,
or after some time)? Insurance?

Risk management was necessary in the game to
prepare, avoid and to cope the shock from the damage caused by the comets. Risk
management played a vital role in the game

I invested in the research, and this gave me an
informed knowledge and insight of the impending comets.  Protection also sharpened my judgment and
vital decision making. My best choice was to purchase insurance cover. Even
though I had limited funds at my disposal, It was a good investment. The cost
of repair and maintenance drastically reduced, and this aided in coping with
the shocks. Sometimes almost immediately I am been protected against
considerable shocks, while at other time the benefits come later. I also made sure to balance the pressure from the comets, by the use of the impact meter.

If
you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to
play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did
you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned
from the game?

I will want to improve upon my playing time of the
game. In my first attempt, I realized that, I had unnecessarily spent valuable
time. Taking full advantage of the information, Knowledge should help me to take
informed decisions that will reduce my playing time drastically. I realized in
the game that effective time management is also a considerable factor for
development. I paid dearly for it when I procrastinated in my first attempt.

I will also make sure to purchase the insurance
cover earlier than before,  since it is
better that way  than wait for damage to
repair damages by the comets, and that even serves as a drawback and dampens the
progress of development.

The
game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you
are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better
represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live? 

If I am tasked with the wonderful privilege to develop a new version of the game,
I will definitely increase the funds since I saw that the funds provided in the
game were limited. I will make the insurance bar work faster as I saw it to be
slow in the game. In all I have learnt a great deal of lessons and have seen from
the video game the power of community support and I have vowed not to
underestimate community support, especially in 
times of coping for development in the 
after- shock.In all, my overall game experience has been awesome, as I learnt a great deal of lessons. I hope you enjoyed yours and have an interesting experience, or even a better experience than mine. Thanks a lot.PRINCE AKOMEAH

 

