8115979

1) The role of risk management in the game is to brace the city from negative shocks while increasing developmental points. While furthering the game, i’ve noticed the trade-offs between research and adding/upgrading pods, raising land-level and developmental progress bar and to only be able to research one comet at a time. The game reflects trade-offs as an side effect of limited resources. Funds for scientists may be taken to help with construction, insurance comes in different prices and coverage and that less research also meant less preparation time and coping abilities. Land protection (raising it) could mean all efforts would be put into it instead of further development tasks (hence the development bar turning into red, a halt).
I made sure to always buy the maximum coverage of insurance (saving up was quick) at the start of every game and juggle my time between upgrading/adding pods and research as both are very vital to counteract the comets. When money is abundant, the pods are doing well and there isn’t any comet in sight, I’d put some time into levelling up the ground for protection. 
Because this doesn’t just affect the current level I’m on, but the game also brings the level of protection/resources I have to the next level (except the insurance, which were once-offs). This indicates the ability for preparation to have a long term beneficial effect for the planet and to be ready for any potential coming comets/risks.2) I've played the game 2-3 times in a row. The maximum I got was until level 3. After the first round of excessively upgrading the pods and raising land level, I've learnt to put ample time into researching comets. Realizing (via the hints given at the end of each level) that it would give me more time in 'community connection' post negative shocks. This is reflected in the real world that through connecting, communities are able to share disaster coping methods or share resources.3)  The game is good on its own, the story is told, graphics good and most importantly, getting the course takers to understand firsthand what it's like to have to juggle risk taking management and their pros/cons that follows. For where I'm from, I would wish there to be more clarity in the state. At least for the community to understand what risks are being taken or the opportunity costs. It would be best if politicians could be transparent in what fundamental perspectives they're coming from and how the paths they're taking would benefit the problem. At the same time, it is vital for the state to close the gap between the status of the community (insurance, protection, education) and the abundant risk the state is impatiently trying to take upon.