8115535

ROLE OF
RISK MANAGEMENT IN THE GAME

The game
provided me, as the laminator of Alora, various powers: The power of research,
the power of protection, the power of insurance and the power to build and
repair the pods. It, then, challenged me with shocks of waves caused by falling
comets of low to severe intensity. Risk management enabled me to manage all my
power in a ratio that helped me fill development bar up to mark and helped me
deal with the risk of destruction caused by comets as well.

 

CHOICES
MADE AND TRADE-OFFS CONFRONTED IN TERMS OF KNOWLEDGE, PROTECTION AND INSURANCE

I took a
whole night to pass level 1. I initiated with a focus to build pods rapidly.
Along with this, I kept raising the level by pressing the protection button and
kept trying to match the protection with the severity level of comets. I, then,
started saving some money for insurance and used it when comet came close to
surface. Luckily, the first comet never hit me in initial attempt that gave me
sufficient time to buy insurance. I used different levels of insurance
protection to win level 1. Then, I started using it as per the severity level
of comet and I also started spending some time in research, instead of
protection, to mitigate the effects of damages caused by comets. With the help
of this strategy, I won level two.

 

LESSONS
LEARNED AFTER NUMEROUS ATTEMPTS (TO WIN LEVEL 1 AND THEN LEVEL 2)

I learned
that one can’t benefit from higher development rate without investing resources
in research, protection and insurance because one may lose all his assets
instantly and may incur heavy monetary and non-monetary losses in absence of
such investments. So, one should balance between growing his community and
preparing for shocks like the shock of destructions caused by falling comets. I
learned that the best way to deal with a risk is to get prepared for it. In my
life to come, I will use the lessons learned from this course and this game, in
particular, to mitigate the effect of the risks like the risk of unemployment,
risk of hyper-inflation,  risk of
terrorist attack, the risk of floods and other such natural disasters etc

PROPOSED
CHANGES

I would like
to propose an additional power; the power to build a protective wall around
each pod. I would link the cost to build the wall with the level of insurance
and the no of total pods built.

 