8116767

1.The role of the risk management in the
game "Risk Horizon" was to confront shocks (comets), prepare for them (raise the island) and
cope with their effects (repair the pots). In terms of knowledge I
obtained information of how to confront the risk of being hit by comet. In
terms of protection I have raise the island to decrease the
amount of damage to my town. In terms of insurance I had 3 options (25%, 50%
and 75% help to repair my buildings) and different cost with it. As the
difficulty level increased I have switched to more helpful option after moving to
the next level. The preparation for risk affected development immediately,
because there was an opportunity cost of developing other pots instead of
preparation and rich higher growth in shorter time, but in the future aspect
the benefit cost would exceed the preparation cost and it will affect the
development positively.

2.If I play the game again, Firstly, I
would try to make the potss with level one and then I would upgrade it,
because it would give me more resources and it would be more easily for me to
cope with shocks. After playing the game a few times I realized that my theory
was right and it helped me to achieve a higher level in the game (level 5). The
main things I have learned from the game are that in order to have a
sustainable economic growth the preparation for risks is essential to reach it.
Reduction of uncertainty (Knowledge), Reduction in the size of losses which
leads to increase in benefits (Protection) and Transfer of resources across
people and over time (Insurance) save a lot of time from recovering and the
losses will be minimized, so the country can be back on track in the shortest time
(Coping)

3.I am currently living in Russia,
Moscow. The change I would propose to better represent the risk management
choices that matter in my country is to add different government policies in
the game and the description of them with how they work, so the player can
switch to different policies during the game. The player will clearly see why
government made some of the choices that are most logical to reduce the problem
they have in the country. I think it would be a good idea to do that, because
there are many riots in Russia about the policies that Russian government use and that is probably because of the majority of population which don't understand the importance of this policies to confront the risks.