8116446

CfbQ8Tj  Game Reflection

 

Risk management is all about preparation for risk by collecting enough information about the risk and taking the right action to prevent it or cope with it after it strikes. Financial resources in another important ingredient which is used to protect from risk or insure against it. Risk management helped to remove and reduce the
amount of damage that would be caused by Comet in the area. The area of research played a
big role in managing the risk because the information that was gathered through
research greatly contributed to the choices one would make to manage the risk.
The information gathered would either be used to allocate resources to protect
the community while at the same time investing in development that they need.
Proper management of risk worked for the good of the community because it killed two birds with one stone by protecting the people and development.The information gathered in research also helped to take the step further to plan
and buy insurance where it was likely that the comet would hit severely to
cause damage. Building the protection wall is a one off investment whose benefit spread for a number of years. In the period when the impact of the damage was minimal the protective wall was enough measure to manage the risk.The knowledge that was gathered gave the me the opportunity to effectively manage the resources a nation by choosing between protecting the people and protecting the community or both depending on the severity of the case. 

I also made sure that I was prudent in my expenditure and
maintained focus so that the money was spend not just any how neither  on development only nor on risk management but
I ensured that the expenditure was strategic. The game helped to make use of information
gathered through research by interpreting it and then put it to use. 

The preparation for risk really has an effect on development
in that by building the protection wall enabled the development
that took place to be sustained. The cost of implementing risk
management activities enabled the area to have sustainable development and
attracted more development. The health community is the important factor for economic development besides government efforts to develop the area by providing the source of employment . 

When I played the game the first time I never really
understood the game because I did not go through the tutorial.. It was after doing it over again
and again and spirit of not giving up that I understood it. . The game enabled me to learn that development is achievable where there is
proper risk management. It is risk management at the end of the day which
brings development to any people. I also learnt that risk management and
development both require resources and unless the two are well balances there
can be no development in an area or the development that had taken some time to
build can crumble just in a twinkling of an eye. Natural disasters cannot be
the reason for excuse to protect the community or cause of failure for development
but that they are and opportunity for development.

 

The game only focused on one risk as if that was the only
risk that usually hit the area. I would add the economic risk as another area of focus. I would add the risk of financial mismanagement and
economic risk which are to do with behavior shortfall. This therefore means
that that risk management is the foundation for development and must always be
given the attention that it deserves .