8116652

1) The objective of the game was to protect a colony probably in another planet that was called Alora. The colony was suffering from very frequent comet falls and destruction.  The only means of protection was observing the horizon day and night and in this way by knowledge+observation ,protection, insurance buying, coping we achieve good risk management and development.  I did not do well in the game for one I am not good at video games but this one is awkward.  It did not offer choices at all.  It was unwieldy and did not give points for the fact I was planting continuously the pods or plants.  It did not offer ways to eradicate the comets or take them out of the picture. I was purchasing insurance and did not get any points for it.  I am not a connoisseur for video games but this game did not offer any motivation at all. Again for instance there was no points for preparation to protect the pods.  Maybe it could have a choice for buying or creating greenhouses that are resistant to the dust the comet spreads or create a hybrid pod that survives the impact i.e. biotechnology. Overall the game as it stands is a poor measure of assessment.I did not notice any increased development from my efforts to protect the colony. 2) The game I did play once! If I were to play it again I would not be able to change much because I bought as much insurance I could, I tried to minimize the impact of the comets as much as I could with my keyboard and fingers and my acumen. However if I were to play the game again I would perhaps try to be faster but I maintain that the game is unwieldy.i)  the main things I learned from the game are that in poor countries with natural disasters is only by being vigilant and observant (knowledge and protection) and acquiring insurance, hedging that is in Finance is the only way you protect your livelihood.  Risk management of course is for all countries but different countries need different ways of risk management even though the philosophy is always the same.  The other things is coping with the disaster i.e. rebuilding and strengthening the pods.3) The game captured one aspect of risk management i.e. frequent natural disasters.  If I were to develop a new version of the game I would change it to fit my country which has frequent droughts and thus the farmer can not plow and sow seeds for crops.  I would add this change and also I would propose to add financial crises in the game because my country suffers from them.  The banks in my country bought toxic bonds from Greece which was insolvent and were forced to have a haircut on them through the PSI that came from the Eurogroup. It was illegal but that is what happened.  Our banks saw their capital adequacy ratios collapsing and then a robbing of the depositors ensued to recapitalise the banks that did not hedge (insure) the bets on the worthless bonds. Had the banks used some knowledge and vigilance and some insuring of the bets they did none of this would have happened.  It was a rich country five years ago. They did not have neither risk management or prudence despite the salaries the bankers got. 