8119474

The Game shows
us that there should be an adequate balance between risk (as a possibility of
loss due to the destruction caused by a comet hit) and opportunities (pictured
by the possibility of building an entire village and improving constantly its
infrastructures). As the Game advanced, I’ve learnt that it is possible to
seize opportunities at a more paced rate, while preventing the effects caused
by the occurrence of risks by purchasing insurance in the beginning (of each
level), protect the village until a comet appears and, when it does, obtain as
much information as possible as the risk that is (or at least can be) about to
materialize not only to become aware of the (real) risk but also to improve
connectivity and information dissemination (knowledge). The Game has also
proven that even when preparation is extensive, information can still be
imperfect or some risk events cannot be avoided at all – namely when 2 or 3
comets appear and there is not enough time to research them all (at least as
accurately as we should). If such situation arises, we are bound to act based
on imperfect information but, if insurance and protection were adequately put
in place before the event, we should deploy those tools and rely on its effectiveness.
Naturally, if there’s some damage, which neither the protection nor the
insurance deployment are able to cover entirely, we will need to cope with the
consequences and decrease the event's impact as much as possible (which, in
turn, should have been minimized by the correct preparation of the risk). To
finalize my answer to question 1, I’ve tried to balance the construction and
updating of buildings with the research of each of the comets and, making sure
by the beginning of each level I bought the most expensive insurance
(considering that Alora was obviously very prone to natural disasters) and took
each opportunity I had between comets’ research and infrastructures’ building
to increase protection of the village. Regardless, I failed to pass Level 5 twice
when a comet (out of a three-comet set) hit Alora by the end of the level,
leaving me not enough time to cope with its consequences.

When I
first tried the Game I didn’t give much relevance to the information factor,
therefore I had not enough information on the comets and their impact were much
violent that I could possible anticipate and I was not able to cope adequately
for lack of financial resources. What I did differently after my first attempt
at the Game was to balance the several elements that I’ve just referred
(protection, knowledge, insurance and seizing of opportunities) and that enable
me to build a prosperous village in Alora with highly developed estate with
virtually no damages after several comet hits. This strategy took me twice
until the end of Level 5 and I believe that the need for balance is also the
biggest lesson that this Game has taught me.

Finally, it
is not easy to answer question 3, but if I could just change one thing in a new
version of this Game I would swap the comet hit risk by the a risk on unemployment/
underemployment or a financial crisis which are much more likely to occur on a
developed (yet troubled) economy such as my own. 