8119113

                                                                        Game Reflection Exercise     Risk Management is a crucial aspect of our day to day life:from the minutest detailed aspect of our life to the most elaborate ones. Managing risk is just having in mind that things would come your way (whether good or bad) and putting in place adequate procedures to better handle the shock or forestall the shock all together.The role of risk management in the Risk Horizon Game cannot be under estimated. Having a little knowledge in risk management,i was able to identify the potholes in my first game,find out what brought about them,and put down measures to be resilient to the comet shocks in the subsequent levels. I realized that i had in my power to actually control the probability and impact from the comet shocks by just the way i played the game, building the pods and managing my insurance purchases. Taking into consideration the three components of risk management:knowledge,protection and insurance- the fore knowledge i had of the game from the tutorial session,lessons i got from the game on how to protect myself by building,fortifying and upgrading the pods and managing my insurance. Risk Management helped me further understand the concept of opportunity cost,forgoing one thing for another because the former is much expensive,hence the cheap one will be purchased for the mean time and when the money is now enough,the first is then purchased. I was also faced with the difficulty of allocating my scarce resources 
(money) into constructive planning and insuring my projects.       Taking on risks is necessary to pursue opportunities for development. The risk of inaction may well be the worst option of all (World Development Report 2014,page 4.) had i just left off playing the game after the first level or probably, not even ventured at all,i would not have mastered the intricacy of the game to have even played up to the fourth round. I lost my first round and a few others because,apparently, i didn't pay much attention to the very little information that was conveyed to me during the tutorial session. The subsequent sessions were a success because i learned from my mistakes and put in a few touches like checking for information on the comets and upgrading my structures.       In developing a new version of the Risk Horizon game,i would make it a point to develop it in such a way that the game can be played on any device and at anywhere. For example, the game can only be played on a desktop as it is not supported on tablets. If someone has a deadline to meet,and at the moment,the only device he has by him is a tablet,he wont be able to participate in the game. Also i would develop it in such a way that other flash players can be used to view it and not only the Adobe flash player.     