8119190

      Risk Management was the heart and soul of this game. I played this game for about five times, the tutorial included. Even though i could never get past three levels, i believe that it has taught me a lot. The practicality of this game can be assessed through the knowledge we gather from the course videos. I lacked the skill of multi-tasking throughout the game. I couldn't manage to remember to get insurance cover and then use the resources for improvement of the pods simultaneously. I often felt the need to attain more resources for development because i kept spending a lot of it on protection. I think this game teaches the most important lesson of life; predict, prepare and progress. Research aspect of the game wasn't clear to me however the comet information box was very useful. It helped predict the severity and the frequency of the comet. The preparation was  the main thing i focused on which i think should have been reduce. A few damages that my city faced were taken care of and I moved to developing it further as i was able to manage resources well.      The first time i played the game, I focused more on protecting the city from comets than development of the city. However as i played more, I understood that building and improving the pods was necessary too. There were times when i forgot to take insurance for the schemes. The importance of insurance was emphasized in the video talks, it was very careless of me to not pay more attention to it. However I did manage to get insurance a few times which was of great help. It helped reduce the cost of repairing the damaged pods. This shows how important insurance is for the people all around the world. Applying the concept of this game to the real world, just as how preparing for the comet was time taking yet effective same is the case with a natural disaster like tsunami or earthquake. Like this, i was able to relate to the game to the real life case studies.     This game has everything possible to enhance the learning process. However I feel that small pop up boxes which give us hints or clues as to how we are performing or what we should do to improve more would help tons. The game, otherwise doesn't lack anything. It was an amazing experience.