8119662

This game of building  upgrading pods in the area and tracking the meteor hits for their possible impacts forces a player to evaluate his/her choices of focussing on development, going for protection and building knowledge. The key aspect is to allocate ones resources  time among the fundamental risk management activities namely, building protection, buying insurance, developing knowledge and creating coping mechanisms. An active tracking of meteors and building knowledge about their probability of hit and severity levels allows the player to make his/her decisions on allocation of resources  time to develop protection by raising the level of ground, upgrading the pods and spending time to track the meteors that also builds the resource levels and allows more time for community connect in the aftermath of hit. The more time one has for community connect, the more one is able to handle the aftermath better. The allocation of resources among development (building / upgrading pods), protection (raising level) and purchasing insurance, depends on ones' analysis of knowledge gained from tracking of meteors. A lack of adequate protection leaves one exposed to severe damages in the aftermath of the hit. Higher spent on insurance leaves one short of resources needed for protection  development. However spending too much time  resources on protection and development may take away ones' focus on building knowledge  resources by tracking the meteors. Hence the player needs to arrive at the right level of trade-offs between insurance, protection, knowledge and development.I played the game multiple times and only after the 2nd attempt did I grasp the fine nuances of ensuring that resource levels are always kept at optimum levels to keep the player in the game. In real life it means that all things being equal, one needs to ensure that adequate resource levels are built to cope up with the aftermath of a disaster. Having enough resources sometimes even allows people to re-start their lives from scratch after a disaster. While development, protection and insurance are important, all these are a function on resources available and hence one should always ensure availability of sufficient resources.I would suggest that an addition be made in the game to notify the level of damage that can be repaired with a particular level of insurance. Also, the cost of repay for a damage should be different if one uses the insurance funds as against general resources. In real life, quite often while we may have insurance coverage, the decision to use the insurance coverage as against repairing  the damage using ones' own funds, is made based on the knowledge of how much the cost of insurance renewal will go up in future once the instance claim is filed for damage repair. That will force the players to evaluate the level of insurance that needs to be purchased at each stage.