8120213

1. In this game, I think the role of risk management is making proper environment of risk management. I think knowing(research) strength of risk is important, and keeping(saving) resources is very important to have a good protection about riskmanagement, at the sametime make a decision about joining insurance is important too. In this game, Some  risks are chances too low to occur, have to check the strength of the risk, if that risk was strong, I have to take insurance, if not, I can protect if for self-insurance. In contrast, Some risks are can predict must occur, strength are high, I have to prepare internal conditions to confrot those risks. but those strength are not high, I just stand by and watch those risks. In this game I got a scheme about managing risk have to make chain structure between internal and external environments. And knowing risks are  can make down uncertainty of them , Joining insurance is not always the correct answer, In the process of coping risks, I realize the importance of social infra working. If some society have enough reosurces to confront risks can concentrate on after occur risk, if not, we have to prepare about manging risk discover immediately. 2. The first time, I just built 3 towns on the planet. Because if I build many buildings at same, it is too difficult to manage occured risks. I can manage most of all early in the game, but once occured high risk problem, I found there is not enough money to repair out planet. It can says lack of resources, I finally faild to rebuild my planet. The second time, I just left minimum of money, invest all of them to build more towns on the planet. I felt there are not enough money early in the game, but when my planet damaged by risk, I found there are enough resources to repair my planet. Through this failure, I have learned the importance of building a strong foundation for improve risk managemnent.3. In my opinion, If there added more uncertainiy in the game, can have more reality. First of all, in this game, all of risks can be researched by me, and there are no suddeness outbreak some risks. On the second there was just one reigion on the planet, so we can't experience interaction of two or more reigion. If making some systems can exchange resources or trade, it will be more interesting manage risk game.    