8122959



1) What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did
you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge,
protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect
development (immediately, or after some time)?

The role of risk management in
the game was implementing the different tools that we have in risk management:
knowledge, protection, insurance and coping strategies.

The choices I made during the
game in terms of knowledge were studying the most dangerous comets (the ones
that had a high level of severity) in order to reduce the damages in my island;
in terms of protection I decided to use the feature of raising the ground, and in
terms of insurance I decided to acquire one of the three plans of insurances
that were in the game. I tried to balance those aspects in order to use the
resources wisely. 

The preparation for risk
affected the development of my planet after some time in the very first levels
of the game but it affected immediately during the levels 4, 5 and 6
(preventing the meter filled at an optimum rate). 

 

2) If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if
you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than
once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main
things you learned from the game?

After several tries, I decided
to build a few pods (instead of trying to build all of them) and updated the
pods up to level 3. Then I built the rest of the pods and updated them as well
up to level 3. When I had all the pods with level 3, I started to update them
all, one by one up to the maximum level. Also I decided to obtain an insurance
only when I saw that there was a clearly risk (i.e. when more than two comets
were approaching with a high level of severity). And I used the protecting
option only a few times per level, trying not to lose too much production in
order to pass the level.

The main things I learned from
the game are two: the first one is that even the more expensive insurance won’t
protect you 100% from  a potential risk
and the second one is that the capacity of researching is one of the most
powerful items that we as human beings have for protecting ourselves and our
environment.

 3) The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk
management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game,
which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you
propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the
place you live?

Although I consider the game
captures all of the aspects of risk management (the tools of knowledge,
protection, coping strategies and insurance), I will add one more feature into
it: maintenance. In the country I live nowadays, we have a lot of
infrastructures for risk management, but sometimes they just don’t receive the
proper maintenance, which produce inefficiencies. So I think during the game,
one of the aspects shouldn’t be just updating the pods but also to maintaining
them. 

