8124209

  The game is about Alora, a world constantly achieved by falling
comets, which ones restrain the growth possibilities of the world.

  The central role of risk management, in charge of the Lumminator,
is to enable the community development by deciding how and when invest in
productive capital (by building and upgrading pods) and directing the resources
(time and funds) to:

Raise the height of the community, what can be understood as
     protection, since this reduces the probability of loses from negative
     shocks (literally, in the case of Alora);Hire insurance plans;Or research the threats.  Despite the trade-offs between those three issues, we can say
that knowledge is overriding, since it's impossible to do a good allocation if
we don't know which are the risks or what can be the impact assuming the event.
Thus, the preparation not only improve the short term allocation by giving you
time to protect appropriately, as reduces long term costs by creating a better
cognition of the threats and, not least, opportunities.

  By playing the game for the first time, I didn't reach the
development goal, since I spent too much in protection, and less in productive
capital. That brought an important reflection: the fear of losses hinder or
growth, and the risk management is a not the aim, but a mean to reach
development. With that in mind, a change to more dashing strategy seemed to be
the best choice. But wasn’t. With more advanced features, without a good
protection and insurance, the losses became also bigger. The main lesson was
that we may reach a balance between insurance (cheaper and risky) and
protection (expensive and reliable), based on knowledge, all as set of means to
the main goal: the development of our society. It’s also important to emphasize
the power of a community working together, taking care of each other.

  The game makes a very good job by simulating risk management, but
I think that it should be even better, at least to our reality in Brazil, and
causing no loss of plainness, if we could add the possibility to borrow money
in crisis time. Could be a very simple game add, asking the gamer if he or she
wants to go to the credit market every time gets out of money. Hence, would be
possible to advance in some thought levels, without neglecting the awareness of
the costs involved to resorting to banks and related.

