81243

There were many aspects and roles of risk management in the game. There was the careful act of balancing money between spending  on developing pods and keeping it to have enough for repairs once the comet hit) and spending time between research and protection building ( it was also interesting that protection was going counter to development as the bar was going into red at some point for protection).  One point maybe not too obvious was the managing  of the shock, that required reflexes and to a limited extent the capacity of thinking in advances the weakest pods - as you could only guess what villages to network when there were not many to connect.  I have played the game five times more or less, and arrived only at level 2. I guess I need to understand better my priorities. I did not get yet if it is more advantageous to grow one pod well and then let some pods grow in its periphery, or have many that develop at the same pace. I'm not even yet sure if that's really the problem of balance of development, or if it might be another problem. For example, i take for granted to take the best insurance as soon as possible, it do not see why not to. And I'm not sure if I can take it for granted that the bar grows faster when I do a research on a comet rather than protection, and it just occurred to me that maybe at some point, I ought to try to let the village develop on its own without my input for a little while in the game, something I haven't done yet.  I really appreciated this game, and I do see how it reflects simply what risk management is. I'm afraid though that having reached only level 2, I might not prove myself capable yet to evaluate everything it offers. I do not know how is the population composed and how development is understood to best occur - from scratch or from building on. Am I better on building villages far from each other, as to spread the chances of being hit, or close together the network builds more naturally ( the latter option I guess is more favorable, but is the game taking it in consideration ? ). Those are my personal interrogations.  As for the place I live in, I live in Western Europe, in a small capital city, not really prone to many kinds of shocks. I have to say that since I do not know the environment shocks, I guess I could fear financial shocks. I am no macro-economist, so I guess I should find out what are the chances of lost on our sovereign debts and where would the probable budget costs be, so I'd know how to protect myself individually, and see what political party or civil lobby is pushing for solutions to mitigating financial shocks.   Here, I have first presented the simple ways the game outline risk management. Then, I have explain the different ways I have played, my frustration with the game, and the questions it brought be to think upon. Finally, I have briefly outlined how it would apply to me personally and to my country. Thank you for your evaluation.  