8126099

1) Players are required to balance developing their community with preparing for and coping with incoming shocks to that community. Resources (both time and money) in the game are limited, and our choice of investment (in building, protecting, researching, insuring, and re-building) determined our community’s ability to survive and thrive. Building new pods takes money and time from protecting and insuring existing pods. Researching meteorites takes time away from building as well.  For this reason, immediate preparation for risk initially slowed development, but in the long run allowed for much faster recovery from disaster, leading to robust development. 2) I played the game many times, and found it to be quite addictive. The first couple times I played, I was overly focused on protecting my pods (via insurance, protection, and research) and did not spend enough time or resources building and developing. In our course materials, this could somewhat be likened to the risk of inaction. Initially I was also putting more focus on protection (raising the community to protect from floods) and less on research. I realized as I progressed that research (and the resulting community connections) was just as valuable as investing in protection, and had the added bonus of not draining community resources. I also learned to not focus too much energy on meteorites that had low-impact and low-chance of hitting the community. The main thing I learned from the game was that while protection, insurance, and research are very important, you must also direct energy toward development. I do not enjoy taking risks, and so this game helped to teach me that perhaps in these situations my over-protectiveness could come at the expense of development. (Of course some protections, and a balance of these protections, are necessary!)3) This game illustrates the choices made during risk management extremely well. To have it more accurately reflect true choices made in development and disaster situations, I think an emotional element could be added to the game. It is much easier to make the decision to risk a bit of damage to your pods when there is only a financial cost and no human cost. If lives are lost in the disaster, on the other hand, it will be much more difficult to make such a decision. (For many people, it is harder to risk lives than money). So I would propose adding a “deaths” and “injuries” tally to the -% damage report following an impact. In this way, people may find it more difficult to weigh the cost and benefit of protection versus development. It will make the game more difficult, but also more accurate. 