8126087

Game code: meg3kBcRisk management guides the decision maker
(gamer) on how to prevent, protect or cope with the damage of the asteroid and
ensuing flood in Alora. Given the money resources and time, the player was given the
choice on what type of investment to be made that would minimise loss and maximise
gain. 

For knowledge, the gamer has to choose when to
start the research, in which early action has higher chance of success of evading the shock. the gamer also has to prioritise the asteroid with higher severity and with greater
chance of affecting the pods and the over-all development. For protection and insurance, it is good to
have a combination of maximum insurance and some protection at the start of the
game. But later on at the end of level 1 and on to level 2, more protection was
provided since it has direct effect on development of pods and it has longer term effect. Knowledge of the asteroid is essential for an informed choice.  Development is affected by the investing on the combination of research, insurance and protection realising that having a healthy and protected
pods would bring more development. However, the initial failure with the game was caused by too much focus on addressing the risk and leaving very little effort for development. Resources has to be balanced between tackling the asteroids and developing the pods. 

I played the game more than twice, and
learning from the 1st game, two big asteroids were difficult to prevent and the best way is to have insurance and protection. Learning to
manage the resources helped me reached level 2. That the combined approach minimised damage. However, such interventions proved to be costly and in level 2 where more shocks happened I failed to advance to the next level.  

I learned the following from the game:  1. Some risk cannot be avoided and big shocks do happen.

2. Insurance minimises loss and
when protection is added, damages are prevented to minimum.

3. Good information on the chances
and severity helped in prioritisation

4. Resources are limited and
therefore must be managed well. There should be resources available following a
big shock. 

5. Early lessons of big events
helped me reached level 2

6. Period with no shocks has fast
development

The game is well designed, however I would tend to add some game activity that focus more on development instead of risk, i.e. diversification of crops or animal farming, etc. that
could raise resources available to address risks. In my experience with the game in level 2, the resource
available is not enough to cope with the frequency of shocks. I tend to focus
on addressing the risk more (so I can go to level 2) than achieving the full
development potential. 

 