8127317

The game was to plan activities including the preparation term risk balance and healthy development. Regarding comets had our balance resources for the growth of our community and the preparation of potential shocks Comets yellowish was a risk indicator to lead us `s insurance. We accessed three powers: research, protection she was to recover the lost development time and protection by clicking on comets indicates our level of protection and assurance that we `used` s insurance that was once damaged by the floods will be faster and cheaper to rebuild. In the course of providing useful financial instruments and managing its own risks responsibly, the financial system can protect people `s impact of negative shocks and enable them to` be better able to pursue opportunities. Instruments classified savings allowing individuals to constitute reserve for lean periods. Credit instruments allow them to overcome financial constraints and help smooth consumption in response to negative shocks while allowing them to pursue opportunities more freely. Contacts d `procures insurance by walking can cover the cost of` injurious event. risk management can save lives, prevent economic losses and provide opportunities and if, in Moreover, the cost-benefit ratio is favorable and fundamentals are well understood. it is nevertheless always related barriers and constraints that facing individuals and businesses including lack of resources and information deficiencies Cognitive and behavioral bias, the absence of market and public goods, externalities and social and economic. This finding leads to a important principle. It is not enough to identify risks: it is also important to identify barriers to their management, sort them by priority and seek to overcome by taking action in the private sector and the public sector. nsuffisance of resource. when the management strategy of America is effective relative to its cost, individuals and groups who `s limited access to credit may have trouble focusing on al` `adopt because it causes the significant upfront cost.  2) After playing two level, which I have changed was the solidifying protection for homes falling risk. And after getting 47% damage I had gives me the `insurance to better protect themselves from the` impact of negative shocks and better pursue opportunities. 3) In the `economic analysis of choice at risk` s possible to define uncertainty in analytical framework for risk management. Evaluate the fundamental goals of risk management and motivations to which they respond. Understanding the environments in which `s part of the risks and opportunities. `I understand that involves risk management. Assess the obstacles facing capital individuals and companies in risk. Describe the `collective action differ commitment level of society to overcome the obstacles.