8127833

The role in
the game was to make a contingency planning to prevent and protect the planet
from the comets attack. There was different types of comets, so I had to face
each problem in a different way but looking for the same outcome, protect the
planet. Sometimes I could protect it, and sometimes because of the lack of
enough time, I had to prioritize and cope with the damage. There were three
different ways to manage the risk, the best of them between researching,
insuring or putting the planet higher, was with knowledge. I mean, the more I
studied the threat the more time I had to make the damage lower. So it was
better to start to study the comet as soon as I saw it coming up to me.

 

Although I
have only introduced one code, I played more than six times, and every time I
have played, I have changed my strategy to find what was the best option to
minimize the damage and to pass to the next level. Once I found the way to do
it better, I tried to improve on it. So, the most important thing that I have
learnt about risk management is you have to try to see the problem (comet) as
soon as possible, and study it. When preparation is weak the damage is worse.
The more you know what kind of problem is coming, the more you can measure what
kind of solutions fix better because, as in real life, there was a limit, the
money. And a good  preparation for risk
will reduce losses.

 

As I could
see in the game, a nation not only have to be prepared to cope with his own
problems, distribute the resources to build more or less pods for growing up
while the planet was being attacked. Problems were coming from outside time and
time again, so I had to learn how to deal with, or I would not pass the level.
In the place where I live (Ourense, Spain), every summer we have to suffer lots
of fires because of the extreme heat and the lack of responsibility of some
people who do not care where to put their rubbish or papers during a day in the
countryside  . We know it is going to
happen, fields that burn in a couple of hours have a resilience of years. So
that, we know when (in summer),  more or
less we know the severity, we have got an acceptable number of firemen, but
what we do not have is environment education, respect to the future generation,
and conscience with the problem. So I would put education in capital letters.
Education is development.   