8128184

1. The role of risk management in
the game reflected by the preparation need such as:

-         
Inspect the comet severity and chance of hit. 

-         
Buy the appropriate insurance to recover from after
shock

-         
When the danger nearby need to have protection intact
during the process of impact.

The choices I make, I do all yet I
can’t see any feedback related to the action I’ve acted upon. It’s sometimes
happen, sometimes doesn’t.  So I don’t understand.


The way of Preparation, I don’t see
any changes whether I click the ‘protection’ button in the beginning (when
comet still a far) VS the impact (when comet sinking below the sea or hit the
pond).

 

2. I play many times and my feedbacks
are as below. It is a poor-design game and less inspiring in relation the key
message that needed to be taken care of. The main thing that I learn the game:
nice attempt to make understanding but its better read from previous projects
and examples given during the course. 

 

3. If I can add, it’ll be better
to measure clearly the difficulties of each level and once I step up, I don’t have
to repeat to level 1 again. Also I’ll add sensitive respond that when
approaching critical action that needed to be made, will show some ‘call-out’
to make player understand what must be done. It’s better to make the longer level
(1-10 level) despite the 1-2 that unreachable.  My team surely can make better game from this
one. I had experience by making a commercial game for my brand before.

Post Game Experience Comments:

The role of risk management part is
reflected by the ‘protection’ button and the ‘research’ in the comet. When the
comet come even we had prepare with the insurance, the protection also can’t
help much. Probably the message is clear yet the game have many bugs that make
this game are less-educated but annoying. 

The insurance button also can’t
function well, didn’t describe which type of insurance is available (if it’s
only allowed one time basis). Again perhaps the bugs doesn’t support with slow
internet connection.

The preparation seem useless
because there’s no button to measure whether we had enough, less, or not
sufficient protection that given by the fee of $1. I don’t see any changes in
the landscape or around it. The game is poorly sets up.

The research so called power, yet
there’s no feedback whether the research are sufficient to make the ‘severity’
decrease or maybe the ‘chance of hit’. It’s just cost $5 with bars colored, not
to mention the less responsive bars when we hit it.

 As I keep on trying the game, it
didn’t show remark that the failure after level 2 and repeat for only relevant level
but also no clue that we had to begin again. The setting of this game seem just
automatically bring player to downgrade to level 1 and it’s such a less
motivating game with knowledge that are superficial! My previous vendor in
company can do better than this. The way I learn it is very much different from
my expectation from the theory or the story tutorial from the game itself. Its
poor made game!

To change the game is doing the
opposite as what my input above and also to make it more user-friendly. The
gamer don’t like to play a game that too hard to achieve especially when it comes
from the bug-error! To be educated, game should bring more joyful experience of
learning, not intimidating or giving gradual level of difficulties, to make the
understanding of key message convey intelligently. I can’t relate the game with
the theory given from the entire professor in World Bank said in their video
lecture.

Education should be fun in order
to give understanding and inspire the next action. It shouldn’t bring
incapability as the main focus. 

 