8128536

The
role of risk management in the game was to help me in making decisions
regarding the protection of my pods from the meteors. I had to make choices as
to how I would evenly distribute my time when it came to gaining more knowledge
about the meteors, protecting my pods more, and buying more insurance to
eventually lower the costs if ever there are damages done. The preparation of
risk did not immediately take effect since by buying more pods, buying
insurance, and protecting my pods, I was spending my money, but when the
meteors came and hit my pods, all of the risks I took paid off. By building and
upgrading more pods, I was able to have a wider connection that helped decrease
the damage done by the meteors, and by buying insurance, costs were lowered if ever
a meteor did hit some of my pods. 

 

I
played the game twice since the first time around, I lost the game at level 1.
My mistake in my first attempt was that I was so focused on protecting my pods
that I wasted all my money on protection instead of insurance, and building
more pods. So when the time came that a meteor was about to hit, I barely had
any connections and the damage was too severe that what was left of my money
wasn’t able to cover the costs. I also wasted my time protecting the pods that
I forgot all about gaining more knowledge about the incoming meteors. 

 

What
I learned from the game is that knowledge, protection and insurance are all
equally important when it comes to risk management. By gaining more knowledge
about an incoming risk, you get to know how to better face the risk when the
time comes, and you become more ready for the risk as well. By allotting just
the right amount of protection – not too much nor too little – you reduce the
damage that can be done by the risk. And by buying insurance, you reduce costs
of damage done by the risk. 

 

If I
were to change the game, I would add a source to where all the money is coming
from. May it be a certain pod that handles the businesses or markets, or
something else. It may be a bit of a challenge, but it will make the game more
realistic since money doesn’t really flow that freely into the market. 