8129153

Risk Management allowed the safeguard and development of pods in an efficient way. It gave us the chance to develop a community in a sustainable manner. Risk Management in the game was about maintaining the right balance among knowledge, protection, and insurance – the tools of risk management. The tools had to be applied depending upon the nature of the threat, ranged from mild to severe. It built community’s resilience, thereby reducing the effects of adverse events, and provided them an opportunity for development. The communities faced and coped with risks for a fixed duration, making the time management for each and every action extremely crucial.  
The choices that were needed to make during the course of the game were dependent on many factors including severity, current level of protection, and probable time with which the comet was supposed to hit the ground, while making sure that the progress of the development of the community was being met with in the allotted time to reach the next level. Therefore, how much amount of which activity needed to be done at what time was critical to ensure the development of the community. There were certain trade-offs that needed to be maintained among knowledge, protection, and insurance so that the task of developing and protecting a community does not seems to be elusive. Knowledge of the comet helped to know about the nature of the threat and the likelihood of the risk, thereby reducing uncertainty. Protection, another tool of risk management, aided in mitigating and sometimes in thwarting the adverse shocks. Insurance on the other hand certainly gave us a cushion to come back easily from the negative shocks, comets in our case, and ensured that growth of the community kept on increasing despite a setback. Now, the trick was managing the use of all these tools in such a way that would foster development in spite of certain hiccups. Protection, for instance, sometimes had to be avoided if the multiple severe comets were coming in which the possibility of serious damage is pretty high, then you would made a trade-off between knowledge and protection, especially when it is taking too much time to raise your protection level, leaving you with little time for other things. One of the main takeaways from the game is that to address any calamity successfully, it is indispensible to shift from ad hoc approaches to planned and pro-active approaches. It is imperative to be cognizant of the negative shocks, giving you the time to build community relations, but effects of those relations will largely remain transitory if they are not backed with a decent level of protection. 
Finally, had I been given a chance to add one more thing, it would be risk taking ability of the community itself that could very well be turned into an opportunity for development.