813108

 

Throughout the readings
assigned for the previous and present week, I was able to understand the
fundamentals about risk management, but only until the chance I had of playing the
game, I fully understood that either knowledge, insurance or protection (each
one seen alone and by itself) were not enough to assess the risk management,
instead,  it was a full blend of all of the 3 concepts that got me through the level 5.

Is buying an insurance
policy enough to save a community of pods against floods? Is protection all about taking the right
measurements like building a retaining wall where some earth is about to fall
off? My answer to the previous
questions would be a full no; they could only be partial solutions to deep
problems in certain communities.  What if the city does not need to build the retaining wall because the job that needs to get done is to socialise with people that live on the riversides in cities of poor countries, all of this in order to make them realise the risks of living there when a heavy rainy season is happening, or even that throwing the waste into it will make more susceptible to diseases so visits to doctors will be more frequent hence more expensive for the household?What
are the real problems standing behind the statements previously made?  Do we count with all the information that is needed to propose the best solution for each one of the scenarios? That is the information one must have at hand
in order to act upon , which can be efficient and developed in context,
not partially (Happening often in developing countries).  What happens in Latin-American countries and the Caribbean (Places I am mostly familiar with) is that decisions are made in a very isolated way, not taking into consideration the different dependencies in the very same city, state or even country and a lot of mistakes tend to happen, if that is so, how could we even think of managing risks if no process will be effective and accurately placed.

Was I able to understand
the game according to real scenarios? Yes. It has enlighten me in some ways as
understanding that, if I must prepare for shocks, my resources will be
compromised and immediately will affect development, but the way to think of it is that decisions will be made
to favour as many people as possible, not the opposite.I played the game several
times until I was able to fully understand the synergy among the concepts
briefly described before, All I had to do different I did it in order to make
it to level number 5.  At the beginning I
did not understand the concept of buying the insurance, even if it was a low one
would have helped me to reconstruct the village at lower costs, then I
understood that monitoring the strength of the meteors was going to give me a
better understanding of what I really had to do and when a shock was imminent, also, that the connections among community helped me to get through the hit crisis. One last thing but not least was that the bar, the level of supply and its colours were indicating me  extra information that was tangible but not the most visible of all.

The assessment of risk management in the
game was all about saving a village of pods, if the simulation of people could be
integrated in a better development of the game I think would be better since it
can recreate the real potential losses of lives.