8131956

Reflections about the GameRisk management plays a crucial role in this game. It was in fact it was a challenging experience to learn how risk management is important for one’s healthy development through this game. The tutorial given for assistance helped to learn about the game more in deep. Being the luminator of Alora, my task of developing this community by meeting certain milestones in the ways was really hard and thought provoking.Before considering ever building the pods we certainly need to ensure adequate measures like sufficient amount of cash is there with us. It was necessary throughout the game to balance risk with and development. And the time available to make sure this risk protection was limited.Alora falls victim to falling comets, these comets careen into the water and cause waves that hinder development. So it was certainly necessary to balance between growing the community and preparing for these potential shocks.The power to look out into space and learning the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet helped to analyse the different scenarios and take appropriate measures on time to overcome it. By doing research we could come to know the measures taken in different periods of time to mitigate the risk and helping boosting protection.By undertaking insurance protection which covered 75 % of the risk we could minimize the chances of being hit. It also helped to reduce the cost of repairing the damaged pods. Before considering each of this decisions we certainly have to consider the resources since its availability is limited. It certainly need to be put into best possible usage.Playing the game for the first time you will certainly find it difficult to access the amount of risk involved and possible consequences of it you may have to face if hit by the unforeseen factors, But given a chance to play again you will certainly try to do more research and ensure adequate protection for meeting attacks of damage based on previous experiences.Main things learned from this game include strategies to be adopted in different risk situations, measures to be taken in such situations, knowledge about different ways to manage risk etc.If given a chance to develop a new version of game we could probably include the role of self-help groups within the community who could probably pool adequate money and help each members with the group financially in times of need. They could also take up a group insurance policy to anticipate and manage their risk. They could discuss within the groups their past experiences of risk and share within their group.The effective management of risks and opportunities is increasingly seen as an important competitive differentiation, helping organisations achieve success despite difficult economic times.We establish a strategy for managing risks and opportunities that is integrated throughout the operating model of your organisation.I understand that any approach is only as good as the people that deliver it. Our specialists have extensive experience across a range of capital programmers, projects and organisations worldwide which when coupled with intelligent and practical tools enable us to offer bespoke solutions tailored to your specific needs. It describes what a strong risk management strategy looks like and explains what the main components of risk management are. It describes the common obstacles that often impair risk management and ways to identify, prioritize, and address these obstacles. What factors affect how risks evolve?Which are the common obstacles to risk management?Which are the policy priorities and institutional solutions that can help overcome obstacles to risk management?