8136411

 

The role of risk management in the game was to support and guaranty
the development of the community of the world of Alora that faces continuously
the risk of falling comets that can hinder the development. Risk management
plays an essential role in the game because without it wouldn’t be possible to
have development in the community. It is extremely necessary a good management
of research, protection and insurance. The balance of these three aspects of
risk management prepares and protects the community from future shocks, coping
and learns with them while in the same time the community continues to grow. 

In the game a lot of situations appear to confront the
strategy of making choices to develop the community while managing risks. The
resources are the central choice of the game, first of all because nothing can be
done without it and them because it is crucial to manage in what will be spent
and when. It also has to be considered chose between long term protection and
knowledge when comets approaches the atmosphere or considered both against insurance
that is part of the process of coping with the consequences. Sometimes in the
game I had to trade-off long term protection to knowledge to have more time to
make connections and lessen damages. In the case of insurance I always preferred
to have it. Also, immediately, preparation for risk affects development, especially
if is bad manage, because if the resources are not balance the community doesn’t
have enough to prosper. But after some time and if is well manage, preparation
for risk contributes to protect the community from shocks and their possible consequences.
 

If I played the game only once in the next time I would
manage better the resources by not spending all with the most expensive insurance
and building plots until nothing left; have more knowledge through spending
more time in research and in consequence have more time to make connections in
the community; manage when to spend time and resources with long term
protection; and give more attention to the update of the plots that leads the
community’s development. 

Alternatively, if I played the game more than once, after
the first time I would spend less with long term protection and more time with
research.

Furthermore, one of the main things that I learned from the
game is that is essential to spent resources preparing for risks. When a comet
reach the ocean and damage the community the benefits of research, insurance
and long term protection appear and make all the difference by preventing from
the consequences and also coping with them if that’s the case. Other learning
is the importance of balance the resources along the game and to be strategic to
develop the community while managing risks. 

Imaging that I am
responsible for developing a new version of the game I would propose some risk management
choices to represent a matter of public health in the place where I live. In my
community there is a kind of insect called Dengue that contaminates the
population in various levels and can lead to death. There is no vaccine for
this disease and also no medicine specific for it. What I would made in this
case is reduce the insurances and add and invest in more long term protection
since is possible to completely avoid the development of this specie.  