8136200

As a luminator of Alora in handling risks, I understood more
of which is beyond confronting, coping and balance. Taking risks, as what the
majority thinks is not a good idea but it is not a bad thing either if you do
know how to manage it well. In the game, I took risks by investing lots on
community welfare –building pods as many as I can, one at a time, raised my
protection level and saved for insurance as well, completely disregarding any
of its financial cost. Comets just like natural disasters cannot be controlled
or avoided. When it hits, it hits! However, we can prevent them with equipping
ourselves together with our community the sufficient knowledge, the connection
within them for proper delivery of resources and some technological advances
like what in the game does –by upgrading the pods and so on and so forth. Also,
risk management allows us to at least cope to an unfortunate situation that we
can’t prevent to happen. Take for example, in playing the game at level 5, no
matter how you maximize protection and research for that particular comet just
to prevent it from hitting the pods, it still hit! Recovery took time because I
have a large, developing community that has its pods almost upgraded at its
finest but good thing was I was able to recover because of my insurance and was
able to pay immediately and got out of the exact time bound.After playing the game for several tries, I understood more
of what risk management is all about. At first, I kept on doing balance gaming
like there should be enough money to reserve for pods together with its upgrade,
charging the protection at half bar and always 50% on insurance with less
attention on  research. I thought that
when the green bar shows up then you’re doing fine. I don’t exactly feel
developed until I reached level 4 which is really challenging and I kept on losing
for the same means then I came to think and figured that I’m only after
stability and not opportunity for me and the community to grow so I changed my
strategy to being more risky but wise. Having won level 6, I became more
optimistic with money and spend it for resources, knowing that it’s for my pods
-the community as a whole. I maximize insurance and protection. Also did a lot
of research. I treat every comet as a threat for development and in my growing
community I wouldn’t want to let it hit it just like that! I protected the
world of Alora by trying to stop the comet from hitting the community and aim
for a better and immediate recovery if it does hit. It actually hit at the last
minute but I still get to manage because while watching every single comet drop
by I kept on upgrading my resources still with maximum balance of protection. Being
hit by a comet is basically part of life; it sometimes misses but remember to
think about the chances that it will unstoppably strike and leave you helpless
unless you’re prepared! 

The thing I would propose would be a classification pods there is. Risk management isn’t only focused on rural
communities although it best applies to people living from distant places, of having
fewer opportunities. Oftentimes city people, don’t have any sense of advocacy
here, they are risk-wise people that sometimes they are the reason that hinders
and limit rural people. Also, time limit is intense, recovery must take time
for development.     