8139445

The Risk Horizon game is a really explainful and realistic example of how a community has to manage risk. I have tried multiple strategies in order to look for the best one. On the one hand, I have realized that an strategy that uses only one of the three powers (research, protection and insurance) never works, so only with a combination of the three powers it's possible to succeed and to reach the next level. The most difficult decision that I have faced during the game is to find the balance between the short term development (trying to update pops and to increase the left bar) and the long term development (elevating the village in order to gain severity protection and to avoid the next waves in a easier way). However, it's not that easy because short and long term developments are not independent in the game (so neither in the real world) and to gain protection for a long term development means not to gain the sufficient "energy" for the bar to reach the next level. So again only a combination of both short and long term development is possible to have success.I have played the game more than once and I did many things differently each time, so I applied also my experience of the past to enhance my strategy and try to reach further in the game. The first time that I played, for example, I didn't used the long term development (protection) or the insurance power, so I get destroyed the fist time that a huge commet hitted the village. From the second time, I bought the more expensive insurance for each level and I realized that in each level I get hitted one time at least and the insurance payed more than its price. Regarding the power of protection, it has been more difficult for me to manage this power. It was really costly to develop it (in terms of time, not wealth) but then it became not really useful when a high severity commet impacted on the sea, so I always tended to priorize the other two powers (insurance and research). In summary, I have learned from the game that risk management it's a complex task that needs good knowledge and experience to be carried out, so it's important for a community to study the risks and to spend some resources in order to manage theses risks.If I had to change some aspect of the game, I would change the insurance price. I think that an insurance has to be really useful when there is a disaster but has to be unuseful (or costly) when there is any disaster. In the game, it was always the best choice to buy the more expensive insurance, so the power of insurance was not a decision to take. Probably, the problem was not the insurance price but the frequence of commets hits, that is, at least one huge commet hitted our community in every level, so the insurance became indispensable (it was not a decision to make in order to manage risk anymore). Concerning the place I live (France) I would add an element that represents the average education level of the community, for example. This element could be developped wasting money (wealth) and time, but a high level would allow the community to build and upgrade faster the pops, and to research every commet also faster. I think that the knowledge and education is the key parameter of our development and it would be a good idea to add it in this risk game.