8139199



 ESSAY ON THE REFLECTIONS FROM THE RISK
HORIZON GAME

 

 

Risk
management plays a vital role in this game. The risk horizon game was extremely
informative as it teaches the importance to manage risks in the most efficient
way. It was very challenging in all its aspects. The game comprises the concept
of risk management in all the levels, thereby giving an ultimate exposure of
different stages of risks and their after-effects. A strategy game that brings
out the challenges that could be symbolically related to the instances in our
daily life. Being the Luminator of Alora, the task given was to develop the
community by foreseeing risks and to make sure that there is advancement in the
society. It was a very thought-provoking game as it enables us to take
decisions and take the right amount of risks by researching on them.

It
was important to note that there should be a sense of balance throughout as we
had to check for few parameters before we could develop and safeguard the land.
This aspect taught me the significance of responsibility that we possess in our
lives to take care of the environment we live in and also to take considerable
amount of risks on an everyday basis. Not only should we prepare the community
to bear the shocks but also nurture them to handle the post-shock effects. It
is indeed really important to research on the risks that come our way and
eventually develop on a protection plan to minimize the damages from it.
Insurance is also a key element in the game, as it ensures and safeguards the
land from major damage. It will be cheaper and quicker to rebuild the pods
after damage. 

While
playing the game, it was also important to keep a check on time management as
we had time constraint in developing the land of Alora and also to protect them
from the waves caused by the meteors. Hence within the stipulated time, good
research, protection, development and insurance against the damages were to be
done in the best possible way. Good research was mandatory as it educated us
with the performance and the severity of the meteors and how it could affect
the environment. Preparation of risks also helped in money management. Building
the right number of pods with the given budget and also to insure them was a
decision that we had to take after much observation and thought. 

In
the beginning when I began playing the game I had restricted myself to only 25%
insurance, but as I moved on, it was important to take bigger risks and hence
had to increase the insurance to 75%. Though building pods was important to
develop the land, insuring them against meteor waves was equally important.
Thereby, it was important for me to strike a sense of balance between time,
money and the resources at all points during the game. 

 

If I
were to develop a new version of the game, I would have made it comparatively
more realistic by introducing real life situations of protecting a city or
environment and have obstacles and risks in relation to the real-life
scenarios. I would have also introduced few other concepts in which the players
could make some money as they deal with damages. We could probably
include the role of self-help groups within the community who could probably
pool adequate money and help each members with the group financially in times
of need. They could also take up a group insurance policy to anticipate and
manage their risk.

 

 

 By Nikita Murali

 

 