814056

Question 1:Three key components of effective risk
management are knowledge, protection and insurance. These components play a
main role in this risk horizon game. The objective of the game is to exhibit
the role of balancing between risk preparation and development growth with the
limited resources available which is very relevant to the real world obstacle
of risk management. Alora represents a country that faces natural disaster one
after another throughout a period of time for example countries like
Philippines, Iran, India, Indonesia and
China. These
countries alike Alora, faces the challenge of allocating the right amount of their
limited resources into risk preparation and development growth. The government
of this countries have to weigh the opportunity cost of each component and development
growth. When more time is spent on researching the comets probability of
hitting the earth surfaces, I would have to sacrifice time needed to lift the
pods and development growth rate will slow down too. When more time is done on
research, communities will be gain more knowledge on the probability of the
comet hitting and its severity hence increasing their awareness and preparation
for the event when the comet hits. The biggest trade off for research is
protection. Protection in the game was to lift the pods increasing the
protection level, this will help to cushion the damage cause the comets. However
protection comes with a great cost, if more resources like time and money is
put in building up the protection, development growth will be hindered and
research will be limited.In reality, countries that were mention earlier on
faces the same obstacles, they are limited by the amount of funding allocated
to development of the country and risk protection measures. Insurance in the
game is like a triumph card, there is great benefit in reducing the time and
monetary cost of repairing the damage pods. 

Question 2:After the first time I played the game, I
realise the need for cost-benefit analysis. What I have done wrong was that I focus
more particularly on research, insurance and development growth, neglecting
protection which is a big trade for me. I learn that I have to prioritise on
the important aspect of balancing the components. I develop my pods as I was
doing research, increase my protection once I have research about ten seconds for each
comet. I will buy insurance if my protection is less than the severity of the comet
when researching up to 40-50%. Time and money are constraints and multitasking skills are needed to make it to the end of the game. 

Question 3: I would use a village as the base platform, using the
three key elements I would include development of protection measures at different
stages because knowledge is not just research precision of the event happening,
but as a country develop further, they will be able to research on better ways
to prepare for this risk, cost efficient technological equipment, early warning
equipment for floods and earthquakes are just some examples. In Singapore, we
do not face natural disasters like in those countries mention able but we can
be vulnerable to epidemics like dengue fever or even in the period where SARS
affected Singapore internally. Since then, Singapore has increase its research
and development for medical and equipment for such epidemics, increase population
awareness channels and increase our reserves in case of such events occurring in
the future. Singapore has engage in regional aid program to help our
neighbouring countries when natural disasters occur. 