8141555



Nice task
to do and effective time spend:)

The beginning
of game lack of recourses and big risky shock – decision between invest in
fully insurance which covers 75% coverage or increasing level of protection. Because
limited recourses/ pressure of time 
- not enough time to reach the protection level which could reduce the
severity.

My decision
to was to invest resources in insurance of maximum coverage and spend time on research
to create community connections. Result of this action – destruction level not
very high and because of insurance low cost to recover  fully effective of village. Because of the
highest option of insurance I could spent the small amount of cash (limited recourses
at the beginning of the game) and rebuilt all building almost in the same time.
I thing that if I made a different choice – fully protection as main goal – not
enough time to reach enough level I would failed in this scenario.

I played 2
times, the first time reach 6 level and the second time only 5. What happened that
this second time I got the worst result? The high risky shock ( fully severity
and chance of hit) at the end of time to reach a goal. I had got enough recourses
so I took fully insurance and focused on increasing protection to maximum level
– not reached before the comet strike –one level of protection not reached. I didn’t
spare enough time to research. The result: the shock strike and make average
damage ( because high protection), witch high insurance I could restore destroyed
buildings with low cost. This action reduce the effective of village and because
of this it was not enough time to rebuild the damage and have enough effectives
to reach goal before times out. 

The better
solution would be focused also research not only on protection.

It’s obvious
that we can not predict all consequence of shocks, we can decrease the risk of
this treats. Well prepare plan should contain the long perspective of time – we
should consider the consequents of each shock and be prepped that it cause some
damage even if we are sure that the plan is in 100% well prepped and contains
all tool to decrease the risks. Another conclusion after this exercise is knowledge
that we shouldn’t focused only on one type of component ( knowledge,
protection, insurance) even if we can increase one of them on maximum level it’s
not good solution - we should find the golden mine of this all areas.

The game is
very well designed, the scenario is neutral and nice, the tools for manage risk
are simple and well described. I would not change anything in mechanism of
game.

