8141092

The game provided an opportunity to
employ the basic concepts of risk management in an interactive and engaging
environment. The core of the game was to assess,
manage and mitigate risks to development. The role of risk management was to
balance expenditure
of resources on development with the need to expend resources on managing risks
that could undermine previous and future development. The game demonstrates the
four components of risk management as proposed by World Bank (2014); knowledge,
protection, insurance and coping. 

As in real life, the game required
trade-offs in the allocation of resources – devoting too many resources to risk
management resulted in minimal development, whereas applying resources
exclusively to development inevitably resulted in development gains being
eroded by disasters. Complicating this trade-off, the game then required further
trade-offs in the resources applied for risk management; pursuit of knowledge,
protection and insurance. For example, protection required a greater ongoing
investment of funds, while knowledge required a greater investment in time. The
relative costs in terms of time and money required me to determine how to best use
available resources, particularly at higher levels when dollar costs increased.


This reality translated into my play
approach, particularly after I played multiple times through the game. For
example, initially, I focused on development gains with minimal risk
management, generally insurance only.
However, after having development gains wiped out, I applied more resources to
knowledge and protection rather than insurance, and used the saved resources
for development and ultimately coping with the outcome of disaster. 

The game further required trade-offs in
the approach to individual risks – rather than applying resources equally for
all risks, the game emphasised the need to conduct rapid risk assessments on
relevant (approaching) risks and use resources proportionally in meeting these
risks. 

The clever approach used in the game
really underlined the lessons from World Bank (2014); that repeated
crises can damage development gains, and that efforts need to be made to
mitigate the risks of this.

However, it could be strengthened by
considering some of the other risk management approaches that could be applied
in the real world. In particular, this could include the costs incurred in
using alternative building techniques to minimise risk, such as using
fire-appropriate building materials in Australia or earthquake-proofing
technologies in Japan.



References:

World Bank 2014, World Development Report 2014, Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for
Development, World Bank.

















