8142992

Part 2.Reflection

 The role of risk management is to
identify risks, come up with strategies to guard against these risks, to
execute these strategies. The choice I will make assessing each risk and
determining which of them are critical for the development of the community. Also,
the risk management is responsible for assessing each risk and determining
which of them are critical for the business. Due to the prevailing focus on
risk, Risk management is important in an organisation because without it, a
firm cannot possibly define its objectives for the future. If a company defines
objectives without taking the risks into consideration, chances are that they
will lose direction once any of these risks hit home. The critical risks are
those that could have an adverse impact on the business; these should then be
given importance and should be prioritized. The whole goal of risk management
is to make sure that the company only takes the risks that will help it achieve
its primary objectives while keeping all other risks under control. Because people face uncertainty when
they confront risk, increased knowledge is an essential component of risk
management. Increased information about risk can help people better understand
the nature and likelihood of risks they may face, thus reducing uncertainty. Protection
can be self-provided, purchased from the market, or provided publicly by the
community or the state. As strategies to manage risk, insurance and protection may
create synergies or require trade-offs.

 2:         I played more than twice. What I learn
from it is:-

How Time is
crucial in all aspects;By the power of
research how to create the community connections before the comet hits;With good
preparation, only minimal coping may be needed to recover quickly.3:    Coping: - Coping encompasses all actions that are taken once a
risk has materialized. These actions include updating relevant knowledge by
assessing the new situation and then implementing necessary and available
responses.







