8146861

1In my experience with the game, I found there to be a heavy learning curve. What was needed was time to build experience with the rules of the game, the how to use the tools for risk management, what to expect, and how each option to manage risk affected the outcome. As I played it (and lost many times) I began to be able to make decisions more quickly about how to best deal with impending doom. I also began to understand the importance of every second in the game even when no danger was in sight. Preparation for risk (building up protection, buying insurance, research, or saving up capital for repairs) certainly affected development, and each method of preparation affected it in different ways. Building up protection could cause you to lose if you did it too much or too early in the level; buying insurance that you didn’t need may not cause you to lose the current level but would put you at a disadvantage in future levels (it carried the opportunity cost of the $ that should have been spent building your economy); research would draw attention away from your economy at times allowing money to pile up underutilized; and saving up enough money to get through the repair stage had an obvious opportunity cost as well. My strategy: buy insurance only if an asteroid was going to hit that I knew would cause damage; build protection with every remaining second after the level win threshold had been achieved; research each asteroid but focus almost exclusively on those whose impact was equal to or greater than my level of protection; build and upgrade hard and fast with available money.2I played the game multiple times, and every time I got better at playing the game. I definitely learned that each risk management tool had to be used in unison and at appropriate times. If I favored one over the other without reason, I would lose the game. Every decision had to be “right” in order to get to level 5. The main thing I learned is that risk management is not easy. It takes exactly te right recipe of risk management tools to come out in a good way after a shock. Those who have to deal with these sort of thing in real life must have strong confidence and a great deal of fortitude. Also, the game thaught me the importance of preparing for a shock instead of trying to clean up the damage afterward… in terms of this game it meant certain loss if you recived a shock that you werent fully aware of and prepared for.3I’ve lived most of my life in eastern Washington, USA and we have a good deal of snow in the winter time that has the potential to cause a great deal of damage in the form of property, lost productivity, and even occasionally lives. The snow comes every year, but the severity is unpredictable. If we have a bad snowstorm, people often stay home from work and the normally functioning economy slows significantly for a time. Many cars may end up in the ditch on teh highway during a snowstorm. It takes a large infrastructure to deal with the yearly snow as well (a form of risk management); the county has to maintain and deploy a fleet of snow plows for example. If I were to change the game to better match my environment, I would add seasonality to the mix and the potential risks that implies.