8148704

The first time I played the game, I could not go pass level 1 and then I realised that I was not taking risks and I was trying to be too careful. In order for the bar to increase in good time, I had to get the insurance in order to pay less for damage and I had to confront the comets instead of wasting so much time and money on protection. Reading about the comets also helped a great deal because of knowledge increase on a better way to face them.In all I played the game twice. The game made me understand the opportunities involved in risk management.  From it, I was able to understand the importance of taking on risks for example; building of more pods to increase the bar when normally people would not want to do so because they only want to protect the 1 they have which in turn ends up giving them little or no income available for survival.I got to understand the importance of insurance policies. For example, in level 3 I was hit by a comet which caused 53% of damage. Just imagine if I had not gotten an insurance policy that covered 50% of the damage, I would have paid through my nose and definitely not have been able to increase the bar enough to pass the level. It made me understand that the society and government at large are there to help us face these risks.Unfortunately, I did not get pass level 4 due to the many comets attacking the city at once but if I were to have upgraded my city, paid for the 75% insurance policy and used the protection, I'm sure I would have gone 2 levels up.If I had a chance to develop a new version of the game,  I will put up mote knowledge about the different comets that is when they were most liable to strike in different times of the year and how dangerous they are to the environment. In Nigeria for instance, we are faced with heavy floods and the new one "Book Haram" in the Northern sides. A good way to tackle them will be having good knowledge on the type of places they like to attack and putting up top security in these areas (my opinion though). Life is all about risks and our ability to confront and turn them into gains makes us able to live through life.Thank you. Pamela Bassey-Duke