8148750

Alora
is a planet constantly menaced by relevant shocks and disasters. The aim of the
game is to enable the development and growth of an Alorian community over time,
within the framework of potential risks and available resources. 

The
role of risk management in the game is to protect the community from the
potential incoming disasters/shocks that could hit it, investigate the nature
and scope of such disasters/shocks in order to deal better with them and identify
solutions  to cope with impacts that could not be avoided.

Since
the beginning of the game, I tried to mix all the risk management approaches
available, ensuring a moderate degree of protection, a bit of insurance, constant research of possible risks and connections between communities. All approaches seemed necessary to me. 

From my experience of the game I learnt that protection is always needed and is a necessary approach. But it is not always possible to build the
protection needed to cope with potentially very severe and low-probability
events. The high level of protection required in these low-probability cases is too costly, and it consumes
resources that could be used for development. In very severe events, where protection was not high enough to avoid all damages, community linkages proved to be a
very effective tool to compensate and contributed significantly to
contain damages. 

I
found out also that insurance was absolutely needed to protect the value of
built assets, especially when they are upgraded. In lack of insurance, the costs of damages are too big for the
community to reconstruct and go back to its development path. 

Lastly,
a key condition for effective risk management emerged to be the continuous
provision of new resources. At the beginning I did not dare to invest
resources to build many new assets or upgrade them, and in this way I missed
the opportunities connected with growth. Without new resources, I was not able
to protect enough my community and it rapidly declined over time. So I learnt
that without resources, risk management can count only on some options, which
are not enough to deal with impacts of events. 

If
I was working on a new version of the game, I would add an element representing regulations and their enforcenement and control. This is a typical problem of my country,
Italy, where a very high share of territory is subject to hydrogeological risk.
We have regulations but they are not sufficiently enforced and monitored (e.g.
building in flood-prone areas is prohibited but it happens anyway, maintenance
of rivers is planned but it is not carried out). 

 

 