8148089

In this game, effective risk management would result in achieving a certain level of development in each stage of the game. Through each stage of the game, I could gain knowledge about the comets by clicking on the comet, finding out more about the probability of the comet striking my island, and how much damage it would cost. However, at the expense of the knowledge, I would lose precious time to build and upgrade my pods.
I could also protect my island against the comets by raising my island, thus reducing the damage caused by the comet, in case it strikes. Although this measure is great in order to protect my island, some of the trade-offs of the protection are the expenses incurred, and the time lost while raising the island.

There were also insurances available to purchase so that it would be faster and cheaper to recover once a comet strikes. A drawback of the insurance would obviously be the fact that it’s quite expense. It was difficult to choose to purchase insurance when upgrading and building pods seemed more important.

After learning the tradeoffs, I had to make a decision to balance these three methods with development, keeping in mind that both money and time are limited. For one round, I ran out of money to keep upgrading my pods, thus not reaching the required development level in time. For another, all my pods were damaged, and the lack of insurance caused me to not rebuild in time. After trial and error, I realized that I should instead put protection as a priority, always making sure that the level of protection is higher than the severity of the comet. I spent a little, but not too much time, researching the incoming comets, just to make sure that I understand its potential severity and likelihood to strike. I only bought insurance when the incoming comets were both very severe and likely to strike. Otherwise, I spent the money to upgrade my pods. 

I think emphasizing on protection worked out because I got very little damage from the comets, so that is an immediate effect. By ensuring that my pods are upgraded, I got a head start on the next level, so that was a long-term benefit.

Like I mentioned earlier, I played the game a couple times. At first, I thought it is essential to keep up all three areas: knowledge, protection, and insurance. However, after the first try, I realized that I need to judge the situation to figure out which action would be the best suited for the situation. For example, if a comet with low severity but high probability is striking my island, it won’t be as helpful to purchase insurance, but it is important to get ready and establish connections immediately after the strike in order to get “no damage”. The main things that I learned from the game would be to learn about all the trade-offs and make the best decision according to the situation, and that prioritizing is better than spreading your resources thin.

Lastly, if I had the chance to develop a new version of the game, I would add another form of disaster, in addition to having the comets. Often times, there would be multiple imminent disasters, and we have to judge the situation and figure out what steps to take so that both disasters would incur the least amount of damage possible. Upgrading the pods could be a form of investment, where there might be a chance of failure. That way, the game becomes more complex and perhaps more realistic.