8149364

Hello!Although I have a very controversial opinion of the game, I assume that the major idea envisioned by it was that the right allocation of resources at the right time may help you survive in the hard times. While playing I tried to use the prompts given during the course an between the level achivements. Although in some cases the prompts were misleading and caused a failure (like the one about trying to develop everything as soon as you have a chance). Surprisingly, NOT following some of them was a  more successful strategy. To summarise my most effective strategy I did the following:- I constantly calculated the resources available and how I can split them between the development of pods, insurance, protection and knowledge about the comets;- after collecting some data about the comets  - not immediately, sometimes just before a bad hit was to come - I chose the type of insurance which I could afford and/or which could cover most damage (sometimes I couldn't afford the best insurance and had to wait for the funds to appear, or invest more in protection if I could only have insufficient insurance);- I tried to develop the pods unevenly (sometimes building new ones, sometimes updating, depending on the resources at hand) so that at a later moment I could have some funds to restore them if the damage was bad;- I tried to raise the level of the platform higher in advance, especially if the severity of the hit to come was high and  the insurance would not cover all my damages.- I also estimated the speed of the comet in complex with its hazard, which often gave me time to concentrate on the development and increase my funds before investing in insurance and protection.Unfortunately, investing in preparation wasn't always the best strategy as it stripped me of my fundings for development. However, if I had insurance and a rather high protection level I didn't always have to click on the button like a madman to cope with the coming trouble. That gave me some time to think which was good. I don't think that in the real life I would have to take financial decisions at such a speed, so a little bit of thinking and evaluation time was a nice break. In this the preparation had a prolonged effect.Considering I had problems when playing the game more than once due to some coding problem and/or system problems, I think the strategy described above was the best and trying out other strategies was less successful (like trying to invest more in protection on earlier stages, or getting the best type of insurance before reaching a certain amount of funds without a clear threat being close).As for the last question posed in the task, I am not sure I quite understand it, considering I am no deity and don't live on a separate planet. Morever, the standard choices like natural disasters can't count in the place where I live for they are extremely rare (once a century?). On the other hand, considering the current situation in the world and the political situation in the neighbouring country Ukraine, the simple update on the game could be a war. (I am really sorry, but this is exactly the risk my country is facing now). So, you could introduce attacks by alien spaceships to destroy my planet. This is not very different from comets, but this could require another type of preparation (investing in a bullet-proof screen, spying and weapons) and different resources allocation.Thanks for your time.