815170

In order to succeed at this game, a balanced approach was needed between building a strong set of pods, raising their level, gaining information to know how to react and using insurance to mitigate losses.  I tended largely towards protection, trying to build a strong infrastructure.  I used information to try to assess the risk, buying insurance when the risk seemed beyond my ability to fund for it.  The stronger I was able to build my buildings, and using my connections after being damaged, the better I performed.  It was also helpful to rebuild as quickly as possible after being hit.The first time I didn't use connections as well as I could have.  The second time I played the game, I was more aware of this feature and was able to play for a longer period of time.  Sharing resources with others, and receiving help in return was beneficial.  I learned that it can sometimes be too late to transfer risk using insurance, but that using connections after the fact can help to make up for the lack of insurance protection.  Basically, an overall balanced approach worked best.I was a little confused about the source of incoming funds.  I couldn't tell where they came from or if my method of play impacted funding.  I think it is important in real life to have a good understanding of what resources are available, what impacts the funding stream and the most effective ways of improving income.  If I were to make changes to this game, that is the area where I would be most likely to make changes.I may also try to provide a more realistic analogy to the connections portion of the game.  Moving the cursor from bright start to the next one to light up didn't give me a good feel for what the real life counterpart of this part of the game could be.  Building strong buildings and seeking insurance coverage made sense to me, as did gaining realistic information about the likelihood and severity of a loss.  The connections part was not as transparent to me.  I would try to provide supplemental guidance on this phase of the game so that it becomes as relevant as the other aspects.Overall, the game was a good learning experience.  It stressed preparation, showed that preparation has a cost, but that lack of preparation can be even more costly.  It also showed that strengths have to be in place before disaster strikes, there is definitely a penalty for procrastination.