8152648

1.                 
The role of risk management in the game was to confront
and prepare for risk of potential shocks to pursue development
opportunities.  Specifically risk of
falling comets that retard, damage and destroy development of the pod community.
 With a careful balance of investments in
knowledge, protection and insurance, the community is able to avoid or mitigate
risk of losses and take advantage of opportunities for building more pods.   By
investing in the knowledge available about the chances of the comet hitting,
the time until impact as well as the severity of the impact, the community is
able to better protect themselves by investing accordingly in the
raising of the island to either avoid or mitigate damage and loss to pods.  Furthermore, with a balanced and measured investment
in insurance, the community is able to recover and rebuild much more cheaply
and quickly from losses as the resources for rebuilding are covered by insurance.  As well as taking advantage of the
opportunity to continue development.  

b.            Trade-offs: Resources are limited
and a balance is sought between investment in Development and Risk
Management.  In this case, the ultimate
goal is to have healthy development with a balanced risk preparation.  Investment in research provided detailed
knowledge of probability of impact, time and severity of impact to assess the
amount of investment required in protection. 
Knowledge is very useful and quite specific and, therefore, there was a
trade-off between knowledge and Protection and between Protection and
Insurance. 

c.            Preparation of risk affected
development positively as it allowed for the mitigation or even avoidance of
losses.  Where losses were unforeseen
insurance reimbursements would allow for cheap and speedy rebuilding for
ongoing development.

 

2.            I played the game once (computer
kept crashing) and found risk management requires a fine balance of investment in
knowledge, protection and insurance. 
Initially, I didn’t pay attention to the detail information provided by
research and quickly realized how very useful it was in the investment to be
made in protection and insurance.

I learnt
from the game that one has to pay particular attention to knowledge, protection
and insurance costs – perhaps do a cost-benefit analysis and determine the best
way to proceed.  Just as your score would
improve in the game if you played it more often, I would expect risk management
to get better as learning and experience is obtained in this area and eventually
a good balance achieved between knowledge, protection and insurance and
experience in making optimal use of resources. 
Risk management is and can be an iterative process such that by monitoring,
updating and evaluating knowledge available, ongoing evaluation of investment
in protection and insurance can be made. 
Risk management can be ongoing, realistic and can be better achieved by
building foundations.

3.                 
Behavioural bias such as effects of
procrastination or lobby groups who capture the attention of policy
makers.  Or perhaps cost-benefit analysis
tool to determine the effectiveness of the decisions made.