8153645



The role of risk management in the game is to prepare for
possible terrestrial strikes which could cause drastic damage to the
settlement. At the beginning, I bought a 50% insurance coverage and gradually
lift the ground to the pink level. Sometimes, I observed the comets to find out
its damage severity and chance of hitting; however, I did not do so frequently
since I had to spend cash quickly for development and risk management. My
strategy is to spend a majority of cash on lifting the ground since there will
be no damage if the ground is lifted to the pink level. Another reason is that
the higher the level, the higher the cost of insurance and repairing. When the
comets hit the settlement, I would have to spend extra cash and time to recover
the settlement which greatly impeded the development. By lifting the ground in
advance for possible terrestrial strikes, I save a lot by lowering the
insurance cost and eliminating repairing cost. 

However, focusing on lifting the ground limits the resources
to spend on insurance and the time to observe the comet. As the game processed,
I had to lower the insurance coverage to 33% to save cash. If a comet with huge
damage had hit my settlement, I would have spent tons of cash to recover. Since
I had to constantly hold the button to lift the ground, I had limited to
observe the comets. This exposed my settlement to greater severity and chance
of hitting. The preparation for risk management does affect the development. On
the negative side, the risk management costs a lot of cash and time. Observing
the comets reduces the time to focus on development and other risk management
options. Since cash builds up very fast, not spending appropriate time to spend
it on either upgrading or lifting the ground can make you lose the game.  Although insurance proves to be useful if the
comets hit, it is expensive in the early game. With little cash left after
purchasing insurance, contacts with comets can leave you no money. Lifting the
ground extensively gradually drains the money which slows the development rate.
On the positive side, the preparation for risk does reduce the damage and help develop
the settlement

I would slightly adjust my strategy if I could play again.
Switching to 33% insurance as soon as I lift the ground close to the pink level
is possibly a better choice. The main thing I learn is that extensive
preparation for risk seems to be a very good strategy to confront risk. It
dramatically lowers the damage and thus reducing the need for insurance and
repairing. 

I would propose the idea of reducing the benefit of decreasing
damage by lifting the ground. In game, when players lift their ground to the
pink level, they incur no damage when the comets hit the settlement. In fact, there
is no perfect prevention in real life. Every risk can cause a certain degree of
damage. Prevention must combine with knowledge and insurance to produce the
best possible result. In Fort Worth, my current city, I suggest the state
government to improve the health insurance rate since it helps more citizen
better deal with diseases. The healthier the population, the lower the medical
costs and the better the productivity are. 

