8155214

In this
game you have to build a city, but above all you have to protect it from the
damage of meteorites. As the city is deteriorating you have to be faster
restoring the buildings, but above all you have to protection from meteorites
that as you progress will be more level, with most damage. The longer you play
the game, you gain more knowledge on how to protect yourself from meteorites
and on restoring the buildings you, and also learn to be more rapid rebuilding
and increasing the level of protection for damage meteorites is less; in the
field of insurance, you have to be careful you have to be careful with the
level of protection you have against the damage of meteorites, and study the
ability of the reconstruction of city buildings. The preparation for risk
affect development because as you prepare the city to avoid more damage and
destruction of meteorites, the time is reduced more quickly, and also life are
spending more as the level of protection will be higher; however, the good part
is that all the level of protection you acquired serves to address these
meteorites since all the security you acquire over time remains permanently.

If I have
to play again, I think I would be faster build buildings and getting ready in
advance before the damage meteorites. I also think I would be faster to rebuild
the damage caused by meteorites and could better manage the level of my life. 

If I play
the game more than once I will have more knowledge about meteorites, how it
destroy,  the quickest way to rebuild my
city and prepare for the next meteorite. I also think I would increase to the
maximum level of protection because even though as time passes it still
maintained at the same level it was in, so I could be better prepared for
future damage and less would affect my construction.

Another
thing that I would add, are more types of buildings and price each.  I also would introduce more types of risk than
the risk of meteorite to make the game a little more entertaining, but when you
take that much time playing becomes a bit boring.

Besides all
this, I also add more types of ways to achieve greater protection against
external damages that may arise, as well as increased knowledge and study of
all types of damage, when occur each damage, ways to avoid each blight…

Another
important thing I would add would be the ability to save the game and to
continue later, as it is a very long game that takes a long time to gain
levels. I also would put more objects and more protective elements to make the
game not so monotonous. I've thought about putting real things about
earthquakes and tsunamis to be a part of playing and learning the capabilities
and risk management, you can learn another geographical and things. The game is
well done, but would add more things important to increase awareness of the
obstacles, principles, and skills that must be taken into account to reduce the
risks; in conclusion, this game have to put in practice everything we learn
with videos.

Finally, I
also would put people to take also into account the number of losses for each
blight city to take account of the following damage meteorites. Also would put
different prices for different types of buildings, and the ability to do the
largest city with as much ground. My conclusion is that a more realistic would
do to be more aware about city

My
conclusion is that it should make a more realistic city to have the account all
details of the risk managing. 