8157834

 

QUESTION 1

 Risk management helps not only in averting damages to the island but also
reduces setbacks when damages occur – that is when the comets hit

 The trade-off confronted in terms of knowledge, protection are insurance
are a mutual exclusivity of the tools used especially between the first two.
Their proper use depends on sound decision-making. Hence I had to switch
between them to optimize the achievement of my goal. I researched on the comets
using telescope window to understand their severity and chance to hit.
This information was primordial in deciding when to seek protection or to
purchase insurance before the comets hit. I also research the pod pop-ups on
when to upgrade and repair pods as well as the cost of building pods relative
to the amount of resources available.

 High severity and high chance for comets to hit is occasion to seek
protection using the slider button. This increases
the amount of protection to the island. Alternatively, if in cases where the
protection meter does not match the severity of the comet, it provides the need
to purchase insurance. Insurance is important for the quick repair of damages. 

 Preparation for risk helped advance development by reducing damages and set
backs

 QUESTION 2



If I played the game only
once, I would have a very limited understanding of how it really works. Hence
if I were to play it another time I will have to get a full understanding of how
it works and how to achieve my game goals. This is why understanding the
environment in which risks and opportunities arise is very important in risk
management.

 Alternatively therefore, having played the game more than once, I had to
try to master how it works. That is I tried to understand and use the power of
research, and how and when to apply the knowledge obtained to protect the
island from damages caused by the comets. 

 I learned that knowledge, protection and insurance are critical assets in
risk management. They provides all what can be used to protect us from risk and
to appropriate opportunities

 QUESTION 3

It will be important to develop a tool for generating resources. It seems
the resources available for building the island and for protecting it a
generated automatically by the system. 
So I would suggest the creation of a restricted resource generator.

 

