8167244

Introduction

The inclusion of the Risk Horizon Game (Engagement Lab, 2014) as a teaching tool came as a bit of a surprise
as first. The game is simplistic by design, however challenging to complete.

It was only upon reflection did the deeper meanings and correlations to
real world scenarios became apparent. As the game was centred around three (3)
main themes, so too will this reflection in demonstrating understandings
gained.

Development

In order to start
the game, development starts by building a ‘pod’. While playing you can add and
upgrade pods, however your resources limit you. Additionally, it is important
to place resources in reserve for protection and insurance. The more pods you
can build and upgrade the faster you develop, and therefore the more resources
you have at your disposal.

In the early
phases of the game it appears to be important not to overextend yourself in
your rush to develop. It also appears that upgraded pods offer greater built in
protection against comet strikes.

As in real life
scenarios, development must be measured and reserves of resources be kept to use
in case of shock; this is demonstrated in Risk Horizon (Engagement
Lab, 2014) 

Knowledge

In the game,
shocks were represented as comets and by researching the comet (threat) it gave
you accurate information for the player to assess. In developing a risk
management strategy, the more you know about the possible threats to you the
better equipped you should be in making the most correct decision; based on
your unique circumstances and resources.

Protection

There were several
different protections available while playing Risk Horizon (Engagement
Lab, 2014); this
approach was well thought out, as in life there will be many different actions
you could take to mitigate the effects of shock. 

The game centered
its protection on insurance, investment in infrastructure and community
connectedness. It is the design of community associations that could be
explored within the game. If the
meteorite misses you, it may hit other nearby pods/planets. Planets hit could
ask for assistance. If you are able to you can contribute to your neighbour’s
shock event for a negotiated fee or arrangement. Therefore, helping a neighbour
in need and developing your economy simultaneously. 

Conclusion

Playing Risk
Horizon (Engagement
Lab, 2014) was a
surprise, at first the link between the game and effective risk management
strategy was not obvious. However, through reflection the thought process
required to establish, implement and maintain an effective risk management
system has become evident and now feels more ‘second nature’.

 

Reference List

Engagement Lab (Producer).
(2014). Risk Horizon Online Game. Retrieved from www.riskhorizon.org

 