8168547

The game gave a good example of how to manage risk keeping in mind the limitations of the surroundings you are in. It was a good example of how you can get ready for managing a situation by careful planning and continual monitoring of situations as required. The choices I made were to get protection as optimally as required and then continually monitor the approaching risks and improve or add more protection only when it is required, thereby not wasting resources. The trade offs were to take a calculated risk when the severity of damage / chances of hit were low and not go in for more protection during that time but rather wait for a bigger risk to add more protection. Sometimes this resulted in very minor damage, but that could be easily rectified. Preparation for risk was a sure impediment to development at the beginning as the progress was nil during preparation, but as the game progressed, it helped in faster progress as the damage was minimal to no damage as the preparation was very good.I played the game more than once. During the couple of subsequent attempts before completing the levels, I was able to better prepare for the impending risks that I knew about. Therefore knowledge about the risk helped in better and optimal preparations. The lessons learnt were that it is extremely important to prepare for a situation and plan for contingencies. It is also important to gather as much knowledge as possible in order to face the situation better. This game also goes on to prove that you need to use your resources very judiciously in order to save for a rainy day and not waste resources.Given a chance to improve the choices in the game, I would add a provision for protection in terms of, when you are sure of being hit by the risk and you know that the protection might just be enough or it may not also. In such case I would add provision for seeking temporary shelter at the cost of a relatively bigger cost and at the risk of slowing down progress a little. That way the user can either choose to take the risk or on the other hand go for the temporary shelter and save the community at a little more cost.