8169996

Question 1:The risk management had a huge role in the game especially considering how the resources (time and money) had to be used effectively while confronting the comet with different levels of Severity, Chance of Hit and Speed. The choices and trade offs were on Research, Protection and Insurance. If the risk of severity was not mitigated taking into considerations the speed of the various comets then the damage would be larger than that could be rebuilt. Also, considering if the Chance of Hit is high than it would be too much of risk not to perform enough Research which could help even after a strike for lesser damage. Also, insurance purchase was a trade off for the resources (money) which could be used for development but then certain level of insurance helps in the long run to mitigate the risk if and when a comet strikes/hits with higher severity and when less research has been done and while the chance of hit are high. This could typically happen if time is not utilized effectively to manage the resources.Preparing for risk did effect development especially in the beginning since more time had to be allotted to mitigate the risk in increasing the protection level. Though resource of time is available most of it would be utilized for risk mitigation and development. But once a certain level of protection was built utilizing the time, there would be possibility of sparing time for development (provided money is available) by closely monitoring the "severity" of the incoming comets are not higher than the already set protection.Question 2:If I had played the game only once, I would take care of the speed of the comets and accordingly check the "Severity" and "Chance of hit" and utilize my resources more effectively. The only thing that I did differently was to utilize the time more effectively in Research and Protection. One of the major things I learned from the game was that a lot of time is spent in preparing for risk mitigation and that not much is left for development especially in the beginning. This corroborates well with the developing countries pace of development. Also, a lot of money needs to be spent in risk management which becomes a point to ponder on weather to invest or not especially in the  beginning. Question 3:Towards improving the risk management choices, I imagine that the community could have sectors of different socitial requirements (school, hospitals, public utility centers [water, electricity etc supply] library, community center, entertainment centers, religious centers, residential area, commercial areas etc)  and development of the community could be on need basis for the present time with some preset conditions. The "Chance of Hit" could have additional probability of hitting a certain sector. Accordingly, the choices of Protection and Research as a risk mitigation tools could be used by the player depending on what would be important at that point in time (and the scores of the green bar accordingly increased/decreased). 