8170773

The game summed up well the concept of risk and how it can
be managed. Given the constant risk (the shock of comets striking) and
the limited resources available (1. money to build pods/protection; 2. time
available to build them, say, before the next shock arrives), what I learnt was
that there indeed is no one best solution, but there are multiple optimal
solutions. For example, an increased focus on protection (raising the city) left
less money for insurance and development; and vice versa. Work a little too
much on research, and you lose time to protect from and limit the damage. It is
about finding the right balance, which took a little while to understand. It
was amply clear by the end the exercise that all the four pillars of risk
management—knowledge, protection, insurance, coping—are equally important, and that
focusing on one to the exclusion of others would be incorrect.Preparation for risk, which in this case was to spend sufficient/optimal
time on researching the comet definitely helped in understanding the risk
levels. And that meant the following: 1. Sufficient/optimal protection could be
ensured provided enough resources were available; 2. Getting insurance so that,
knowing the impact levels, appropriate measures can be taken to enable less
painful rebuilding; and 3. More time for making connections, that is, community
rebuilding, is available to help in the process of coping with the impact of
the shock.I learnt the nuances of the game, and thereby risk
management, by playing the game multiple times. The first time I played, I concentrated
a little more on building pods (development) and insuring them and researching
the comets (knowledge/preparation), and paid a little less attention to
protecting the city. Though I managed to get through to the second round, I
could not proceed beyond. After playing the game a few times, each time, in
hindsight, concentrating a little less on protection in comparison to other
factors, because it tended to take away time from risk research
(knowledge/preparation for risk), I found that though I was insured well and
had enough time to form connections (coping after shock), I had left the city
vulnerable, and that, with progressing levels, providing greater protection
meant more time away from preparation and greater costs. As a direct
consequence of this learning, I ensured that I raised the protection levels during
the initial stages, so as to ensure that I could build a certain amount of
resistance to protect from small shocks. That meant there was more time to
prepare for worse shocks and ensure insurance and development in the initial,
and vital, stage of growth. So, if I were to play the game again, and only once,
I would certainly start off by paying a little more attention to ensuring a
little more than basic protection to protect from small shocks, though I do admit,
in real-life situations, this might not be always applicable. Each problem is unique,
and would require a custom solution, though built on the same four-factor
framework of risk management.If I could tweak one thing about this game to ensure it is
even closer to real-life situations would be to introduce an uncertain risk.
For example, I would prefer there be a sudden earthquake that could destroy the
pods to a certain degree and provide an option of a costlier insurance that
includes protection from such earthquakes. Participants then can save money/resources
accordingly. However, to offset this a bit, I would also ensure, say, greater
play time or more initial corpus to start with.









 