8174577

QUESTION
1

ROLE
OF RISK MANAGEMENT

I.           
Firstly,
risk management helped me to understand the nature of risk faced by Alora
community that is falling victim to shocks from falling comet which hinders
development of the community.

II.           
After
gaining proper understanding of the risk faced by Alora community. Risk management
goes further in helping to prepare for the shock that could undermine Alora
community’s development. That is, effective combination of capacities
(research, protection, insurance) with an ability to cope with the aftermath of
the shock.

III.           
In
Alora community, resources are limited. Thus risk management helps in effectively
combining capacities thereby setting priorities and making choices which are
both unavoidable and necessary so as to effectively employ and manage
resources.

IV.           
Finally
risk management helps to assess tradeoffs. Risk management helped to find the
perfect balance thus creating and sustaining a healthy Alora community.

 

MY
CHOICES

I made a choice of finding the perfect
balance (i.e. combining research, protection and insurance) with the limited
amount of dollars (resources) so as to prepare for the shocks and to cope with
its aftermath.

I was faced with trade-offs i.e.
cost effectiveness of preparing for shocks on one hand and coping with
consequence of shock on the other hand. As a result of each of the trade-offs
having a loophole, I was left with an option of synergizing the trade-off so as
not to jeopardize or halt the community development.

As a result of preparation, the shock
had minimal effect on development as I was able to strike a 90% balance with
the help of research, protection, and insurance, thus promoting at a steady level
the development for the community.

 

QUESTION
2

I played the game more than once.

At my first attempt, I channeled
a large amount of my resources in acquiring insurance and then I built few pods
without detail research so as to fully understand the magnitude of impact the
shock would have on the community, I went on investing heavily on protection. I
observed that I acquired protection at the expense of the development of the
community because acquiring protection puts development on a stand still.

With the experience I gained at
my first attempt, I employed a different approach at my second attempt. First, taking
into account the amount of limited resources I had, I was focused on building
and upgrading pods. As the first comet began to emerge, and researching on the
severity of the shock I immediately acquired the least amount of insurance and
then matched up protection to a level slightly above the severity of the shock.


I continued this
process (i.e. the above) while focusing on developing the community. By this I
was able to strike a 90% balance, preparing for the risk, synergizing tradeoffs
and coping with the minimal effects of the shocks.

From the game, I learned the
process of effective risk management which beginning with the understanding of
risk embodied in a situation, and then how to effectively prepare for the risk by
allocating limited resources between combined capacities. In essence I learned
to strike a perfect balance without halting development.

 

QUESTION
3

While playing the game I observed
that as I invested in protecting the community, development is halted/ moves
too slow a pace. I think I would increase this slightly.

In my place of abode, first, I would
suggest that a thorough study of risk management (which is lacking) and its
processes be undertaken by policy and decision makers as this is the bedrock to
understanding risk, preparing for the risk and coping with its effects.

