8174730

Hello , I am Jean-Jacques DE KOTCHY. I am a Petroleum Engineer from Ivory coast in west Africa.I really enjoyed the game. The role of risk management is to teach players how and why risk management is important for healthy development by maintaining the world of Alora safe with balance of research, insurance and protection. The choices I made depended on the situation. I used the tree terms together, each timely, to develop the area, and I confronted that I had to use them together to succeed.The preparation of risk has affected development immediatly by saving lives with research, insurance and protection and after some time by developping the  world of Alora  (get more insurance , more information more protection).If I was to play this game again I would try to protect the world of Alora with strategic better than first. After played the game more than once, I change way to develop quickly the world of Alora.I'm learned from the game that an effective risk management is important to develop of regions, countries, world. The tools like knowledge, insurance, protectionare strong must to be used together, each timely and together.For me the game is well done with some improvements to add. If I have to add or change some thing, I will add another disaster, for example, some diseases in the world of Alora. I will also add the aspect of opportunity. I didn't see it in this game.I live in Ivory Coast in west Africa, and here, there are some problem or difficulties. I realized that many people in my area do not know what is risk management? what is the importance of risk management in our daily lfie? This is the lack of information. I was part in this group before starting this course.  My change is to share first the knoweldge or experience about this course " risk and opportunity: managing risk for development".Also , there are some insurance given by our goverment to support some projects or activities, but, it is very difficult for each other to obtain this benefit. I will suggest to get people into a group and then we can get some benefits.Effective risk management is the only way to develop our world and we need it in our daily life.