8178102

Risk horizon is definitely a game everyone should play. It
paints the idea of risk management very vividly and helped me to see how far I have
comprehended all the video lectures I have paid rapt attention to in helping me
practise it on a dummy community. Highly intuitive in every sense of it although
it got on my nerves a couple of times but it posed forth the idea that risks
are faced at every point in time and wise decisions have to be taken in either
curtailing  the risk or dealing with the
consequences that trail it (risk management) under a tension-free and enjoyable
environment.

                It’s a fine
balance between maintaining resources which are scarce (as the money to develop
was evidently limited) to managing risks as they arise. One important thing
that kept coming back to me was “not one single element should be neglected”
that is; acquiring knowledge, having an insurance cover and protection against
the impending risks. The couple of times I played it, I noticed that studying
the risk was a very important factor which I neglected the first time I played
the game as it helped my development 
immensely but it didn’t necessarily prevent me from sustaining damages
and neither did it help me curtail the damages when they did occur. This led me
to combining protection and knowledge gathering which I for one considered a
good couple but then disaster struck and I was back right where I started then
insurance came into the picture. They formed an awesome synergy which I’m still
fine-tuning to find a fine balance between, so as to achieve optimal returns
and reach the highest level possible.

Lastly, If I were to develop a new version of the game, I’ll
adjust a thing or two about how protection is acquired. I will make protection
available for purchase as insurance is so that it can be available faster but
the speed of availability will now depend on the cost of purchase for example
$10 will take 20 seconds to get to level one protection and $20 will take 10 seconds
to reach the same level one development stage and the time of development keeps
reducing as the cost increases. I for one would have preferred this method to
the slider I have to hold down and still have my island being raised as slow as
a snail dragging itself up a hill. 

 

