8179518

My Reflections from the Risk Horizon game

 The game is about
development and risk management. It is about development of pods, their growing
and multiplication. More pods you have and more the upgrades there is,
the faster the meter fills helping you to reach your goal. The number of pods you
can build are proportionate to the amount of resources you have. While
developing pods,  I tried to take protective measure keeping in view the
possible shocks of comets. At the same time I tried to purchase insurance protection
depending upon the  resources I had to offset the unexpected shocks. In
the short run, preparation for risk affect development in the sense that the
resources meant for development are diverted to take protective measure. Meaning thereby that the cost of development was escalated.  Similarly, insurance needs to be purchased to offset the unexpected shocks. This added to the cost of development and put pressure on resources. But
in the long run, these actions protected the development gains and made development resilient and sustainable. For example, had I not purchased
insurance or not taken protective measure, it would have been difficult for me
to recover from the loss/damage suffered due to comet shocks. 

I played the
game more than once. In the first instance I could not cross level one. But
then I realized that my over protective actions were preventing my pods from
growing and less amount was available for further development and multiplication. I
was also slow in making connections thereby decreasing my  coping
capacity. In the second and subsequent games, I wisely used my resources and
time to correctly balance between development, protection, insurance and
watching the comets. It improved my level. At one stage I crossed level three
and was playing at level four. 

The game is very
interesting but difficult too to understand. Before taking up actual game I
practiced on tutorials. But when I started the game actually, it wasn't exactly
the same as I practiced in the tutorials. It would be very good, if we make
tutorials exactly as the real game. It needs a lot of practice to move up in
the levels. If given a chance to make some value additions to it and come up
with a new version of game, I would like the instruction to be made simpler and
clearer. Secondly, I think the research component of the game is not very
useful and helpful for the participants. This element can be replaced either
with early warning for the comet coming. It can be a broadcast to the
participant so that he takes action accordingly. Or in the alternative I would
like protective action to be divided as – prevention and mitigation. 

 

Duni
Chand Rana

 