8179388

In what follows, I reflect on my gaming experience by responding to the questions above. 1) The fictional territory, featured in the game, required twofold risk management. On the one hand, it was at risk of potentially devastating comet impacts, representing a risk of loss. On the other hand, the territory had to take investment risk, so to develop its community, representing potential gain. In both cases, the territory also had to conduct a benefit-cost analysis; this entailed identifying the likelihood of impact and the severity of damage, while determining how much to invest in the community, so to meet the financial thresholds set for each stage.Risk management and benefit-cost analysis presuppose knowledge, while necessitating protection and insurance. Knowledge could be attained through the observation of comets; the reliability of knowledge increased with the length of observation. Based on the likelihood of impact and the extent of its severity, the territory had to choose what level of protection to obtain, and what kind of insurance to purchase. These decisions in turn affected the extent to which the territory could invest in its community, in order to ensure community development. The better the territory prepared for risk, the lower the likelihood that its community would be damaged, which would impair investments made previously. Thus, risk management facilitated long-term development, but entailed short-term trade-offs and costs. 2) I have played the game numerous times; initially, I heavily invested both in protection and insurance. Though this enabled me to progress beyond the fourth stage, I was unable to meet financial thresholds, as I had not sufficiently invested in the community. Thus, in the course of further attempts, I invested more heavily in the community, relatively less in protection and increasingly scarcely in insurance. Though this strategy enabled me to meet financial thresholds with relative ease, community development was impaired by devastating comet impacts, particularly at higher stages.In order to successfully complete stage five, I gradually expanded the size and sophistication of the community, determined the extent of protection and insurance on the basis of the likelihood and severity of comet impact--meaning I began to prioritize--and ensured extensive observation--so to improve research--which enabled me to prolong community preparation efforts, prior to comet impact. However, I was unable to successfully master stage 6, as I turned anxious about meeting the financial threshold, and thus invested in the community at the expense of protection. As the territory, in the course of stage six, suffered several severe comet impacts, protection would have been pivotal.Overall, the game illustrates the complexity of risk management, given the need for knowledge and sensible investment in protection and insurance. 3)  If I was to develop a new version of the game, I would incorporate neighboring communities; whereas these would be capable of adversely affecting risk management in my community, I would not be able to directly influence them. My reasoning behind this amendment is based on the dynamics of the region in which I reside. Qatar neighbors Saudi Arabia, and is in proximity of the UAE, Yemen as well as Oman. Through the extensive revenues derived from its natural resource wealth--and because of its arid environment and not yet diversified economy--Qatar chose to import most goods, including foodstuffs. While importing typically does not threaten food security, it can do so, if neighbors block imports; water, which is derived from desalination, forms an exception. Hence, importing reduces the risk of food insecurity, but the ability to import is affected by neighboring countries, which cannot be influenced directly. Hence, I would include neighbors in the game, who can adversely affect protection.