8180548

1. The role of risk management: Multiple trade-offs were required to identify and manage risks, and then cope with the effects of negative events once they occurred. When playing the game, it was difficult to decide how many pods to place around the area. Once placed, insurance was always purchased (to maximum coverage), but the choice of raising the level of the area or instead researching comets (risks) was a difficult one. Raising the area costs money, but also time. Without sufficient time, the pods could not create enough revenue to proceed to the next level. This is the same as a community being held back from proper development. Spreading resources or consolidating them, spending time/money on competing resource demands, and balancing saving resources or upgrading existing infrastructure (pods) were questions than made the game difficult. When the community was well connected and well developed, and risks were inusred against, researched and their effects quickly addressed when they occurred, gave the best results.2. Multiple attempts at the game taught me that consolidating resources by upgrading a small number of pods was better for resilience than spreading resources across a larger number of less developed pods. Time and money spent repairing a large number of small pods was better spent maintaining a small number of upgraded pods. Also, when no comets were incoming this time was best spent raising the level of the area to prevent damage. Any time spent raising the area was best not to be at the expense of researching incoming risks. The more time spent researching risks, generally it was seen that the danger level decreased (severity and chance of impact). This indicates that a closer look at potential risk can show that an initial assessment can tend to be more inaccurate.3. Once change that I would make to the game would be to have some comets come in without any warning at all. This would show that some risks cannot be seen until they arrive. However, the same steps that need to be taken for known risks (comets) would always need to be taken. Having this change would just show that even if the horizon appears clear, there is always the chance of a negative impact so there is never any room for complacency. Risk management practices should always be in place, even in times when it appears there is little or no risk in the near future. 