8180813

Risk Horizon: Game
Reflection

I found playing the Risk Horizon
game a deep learning experience that illustrates what has been presented in the
Risk  Opportunity MOOC. The goal of the game is to reach a certain level
of income within a specified time, this is synonymous with people trying to
improve their standard of living. In order to progress to the standard of
living that they desire they need to invest and develop their capabilities
which corresponds to the development and upgrading of the pods in the game.
However the development of the pods in the game is threatened by comets that might
hit the planet and damage the pods to varying degrees. Likewise in people’s
life there are risks that can be realised as shocks that can affect people and
their standard of living and hinder them from achieving their goals. It is
important to manage these risks to succeed in the game and also in life
generally.  To manage the risk (from
comets) in the game, we need to gain knowledge of each approaching comet, this
includes severity and chance of hit. The higher our level of knowledge (or
research as it is called in the game) the better our chances of reducing the
damage from the comet hit. Knowledge about the risk of comets allows us to make
decisions about whether to spend money on protection and if so, how much to
spend. It is also possible to purchase varying degrees of insurance to limit
the damage from comet hits. So taken together the combination, research,
protection and insurance is the preparation for the shock posed by the comet
hit. In the event of a comet hit the amount of damage varies from no damage to
varying percentages of damage depending on the severity of the comet versus the
amount of protection and insurance in place. There is also an opportunity to
reduce the damage through community connections. All of this very much mirrors
real life albeit in a less complex way. 
We need to take risks to develop and progress and take advantage of
opportunities. However these risks need to be managed or they can derail
us,  like the game we need to gain
knowledge about the risks that we face this will help us prepare to face the
risks should they occur and also enable us to cope better after the shock.  We can use our resources in times of plenty
to insure (through savings, insurance or other means) against the risk so that
we will be better able to cope. We can also prepare for the risk by taking
measures to protecting ourselves from potential shocks and making its impact
negligible or less severe and hence easier to cope with. We can also build
connections, networks and relationships at various levels between families,
friends, communities, private enterprises, public institutions and even
international institutions that will help us better prepare for and cope with
shocks. All in all, to succeed in the game (Risk Horizon) we need to achieve a
balance in allocating resources between building resilience (against comet
hits) and investing in opportunities (building and upgrading pods) which is
sound advice for real life as well.