8182835

Risk Management played a pivotal role in developing the pod both in preparing the community in the possible effects and coping on the effects of the disaster. I chose to build a smaller community (2 pods) since in disaster prone areas, the more people in an area the more there is a possibility in casualties.Basing on the researches made prior to the arrival of each comet, I chose to prepare well by hitting the protection button and purchasing insurance. When disaster hit one by one, the level of damage was easily faced because of the protection made and the insurance. Another factor which helped develop the pod (community) is by upgrading its physical state. By giving importance on the risk factors, the level of damage can be minimized if not totally eliminated.I played the game once, and if ever I will play it again, I would have invested more on the protection and upgrading the pods compared to how I managed it.If I were to develop a new game capturing or dealing with risk management, I would place the situation the same as the area of the Province of Leyte in the Philippines. It was proven after the Super Typhoon Yolanda (Haiyan) that if only the local government and the national government invested more on the research and development aspect, protection aspect and focusing on savings for disaster reduction efforts, the people of Leyte and Samar would not have suffered drastically during and after the typhoon.By designing the game in Leyte setting, I will use mangrove trees as protection, I will place a hazard map in order to provide an early warning to people who might construct shelter/s along the shoreline. I will use mountain areas and trees to provide opportunity for people to obtain materials for their houses. The only risk they will face is that the more they build shelters the more damage in the mountain areas and would affect efforts to minimize or lessen the effects of flooding (flash floods or landslides). At the shorelines, the more the fishermen build a docking port, the more potential for income. However, this will affect the mangrove and would lessen the protection from tidal waves and storm surge. Lastly I will include the provision of a warning tower within the area which will provide information on an upcoming disaster and its possible damage on the community.