8183991

The Risk Horizon Game provides an insight into the
application of risk management strategies. Risk management essentially involves
maintaining a fine balance between Research, Protection and Insurance. These tools
help Alora Prepare for the Risk emanating from the Comets. However, it is essential
to bear in mind that development/ growth is central to this Game. 

The three essential tools for Risk Management are as below:

Research: It is critical to the process of risk management
as this knowledge helps to prepare for the Risk and plan. Research helps make
informed decisions regarding deployment of resources and time in advance. Research
on the comet would provide key information – severity, probability and time. A
higher level of research translated into more time to build community
connections after the hit that would help minimize damage. 

Protection: With due knowledge of the severity of the risk
(Comet), the level of Protection can be decided. Protection from Risk involves use
of resources and time that could alternatively have been used for development/ growth
activities (building more pods). Hence accurate knowledge of the risks can help
deploy resources effectively. Further, in this Game the level of protection had
to be matched to the level of severity of the comet, which could help minimize
the effect of the comet hit. 

Insurance: Insurance helped by way of reducing the time and
resources spent on rebuilding the pods after the damage from the hit. Thus by
way of investing in correct insurance protection, the community would benefit.

These three form the three key elements in the risk
management framework. Deployment of resources and time in Preparation ensure
higher resilience of the community to the externals shock in the form of the
comets. While it may seem that there is a trade-off happening between growth
and risk management when making investment decisions, but it can be observed in
this case that the benefits to the community from risk management outweigh the
costs. Hence, risk management becomes intrinsic to the process of growth of the
community.

I played the Game more than once, and gradually understood
the importance of the risk management tools. Without the proper risk management
framework in place, it will not be able for the community to sustain the growth
process. Investing in risk management through research, insurance and
protection built the resilience of the community to external shocks. It is
important to maintain a balance between investing in development activities and
risk management activities.

I believe that the Game needs to take into account the
imperfections in the market, especially in the context of developing nations. Research
and accurate information regarding the potential risks may not always be
available and accessible (information gaps) to all. Further, the insurance market is not well
developed especially in rural and informal sectors allowing for more
subjectivity in these cases. Protection mechanisms may not always be in place. Further,
resources continued to be limited more so in the developing nations, with very often community/ government being left with insufficient resources to prepare adequately for the risks. 