8184839

Preparing for risks and taking opportunities to
balance the world

The game sets the
player directly from the beginning in to the role of risk management. But this
alone will not help to advance into higher levels. To achieve greater success
in the game as well as in real life one has to take the opportunities to
develop society and surroundings as well. Without the balance of resources to
both parts neither part will be successful. A more developed society will give
better knowledge into protection of assets as wells as coping with the results
of a disaster. This would be a part I would have changed in a future version of
the game. As an example the more the player researches the comets the less time
will be used to raise the land. To get a more balanced game it should be
changed that the faster you raise the land the more expensive it will be.

Another important
aspect is insurance. It helps to cope with the outcome of any disaster. To help
the poorest regions in the world to afford such insurance different models of
insurance are already available. The Takaful insurance system of the Islamic
world is established for a long period and depends on co-operation. Losses and
profits will be shared equally between members. This can reduce significantly.
The game reflects this by providing community links the player can join after a
comet has hit and flooded his world.

As I have played the
game some multiple times I have learned that different approaches will result
in very different outcomes. Focusing on a low amount but highly developed plots
increases costs to rebuild after an evitable strike. But will also reduce
means, time and/or money, to raise the world or research comets. On the other
side a high amount of lowly developed plots will reduce the needed means to
repair, but will also reduce growth in further levels. Time runs out before the
game world will advance.

Only the right balance
of knowledge, insurance and resources spent will help in terms of prevention,
preparation and actual coping after a disastrous event. I will take this with
as an outcome of the game and apply in future strategy decisions to be made.