8185176

First of all, I want to remark how helpful I found this little real time game, and entertaining. The role in this strategy game was basically manage a situation where risk was present, represented by falling comets that cause shocks if they hit the ground stopping the development of the community. So the purpose of the game was manage this risky situation using some of the tools we have learn in the course like: knowledge, protection, and insurance. In my case, the first choice I made was purchasing an insurance plan, so, in case of damage, I should not pay for all the repair costs, just for a little percentage of the damage and I saw it as an incentive to keep investing in more pods. Then, I wanted to protect the community to mitigate the damage if some  comet hit the surface. The last tool was about knowledge. I really believe about the importance of knowledge in risk management because it will help communities to know more about the potential damage that the risk can cause and it is a key tool for prevent and get prepared in the proper way to face trouble. In short, my strategy was trying to combine those ex-ante tools in a way that I would be sure that the community would not suffer from a shock, so it will keep on growing and developing to it’s fullest capacity and reach the highest score. I really think, the balance between knowledge, protection, and insurance was the key to success in this real time game. Preparation for risk truly affects development immediately, for example, in the game when you invest in protection the pods stop giving benefits, but, it was just for a short time and it is really important to make an initial effort in order to prevent shocks. I have played the game more than once due to some mistakes I had made in the first time where I extremely focus in the protection and preparation for the community and I did not pay the right attention to the development, I was definitely acting too conservative. After this mistake, I realise that, like we have learn in the course, I should take more risk, also paying attention to the preparation part, to obtain sustainable growth.  Eventually, in order to represent a more realistic situation I would add some interest groups against the purpose of the game. I think in many of the risk management choices people have to face and deal with interest groups and it really make things more complicated.