8185264

The objective of the game Risk Horizon was to create an ecosystem that develop to a certain level in a short period of time. The resources that the player needed to juggle were the game's currency (dollars), time (seconds), and development (red, yellow, or green status of the development bar). The primary detriment to the ecosystem's development were comets (shocks), which could be addressed through Research, Protection, and Insurance, which in turn expended currency and development to build up. Risk management put me in the position to ensure that I would; firstly reach the development threshold by the end of the level, and secondly be able to protect my community from comets. After playing the tutorial, I considered Protection to be the most cost effective solution in the event of a shock. Especially in the earlier, easier levels, there was ample time to invest all of my resources (once I reached the adequate development level) into Protection, which carried over into following levels, which was a very good long-term investment. After Protection, Research on shocks was my next level of defense. Even with multiple comets in the air, it was quite easy to prioritize which ones needed enough Research, and I was confident that my Protection and the ease of rescuing the community (by playing connect the dots) would take care of any damage. Both in theory and in experience this was correct. This allowed me to not have to expend any resources on Insurance, and allocate the rest into upgrading my ecosystem to hasten development.As I only played the game once, the second time around I think that I would not expend so much on Protection, and rely on increased Research to defend against shocks. Near the later stages of the game, I started to become anxious when I saw that my development bar was not green with 45 seconds left to the level. With hindsight of how dangerous a comet can be relative to each level, I think that I overextended my risk management in the earlier levels slightly, which resulted in a slightly slower developing ecosystem earlier, which hurt me economically at the end-game levels. If I were to add one new element to Risk Horizon, I would add a metric called "Productivity". The basis behind "Productivity" would be that you can invest a set amount of money (much like you do with Insurance) to decrease the amount of time it takes to build or upgrade your pods. This would add another element of economic management (which is indirectly risk management) to the game: a short-term tradeoff of money (for each level, not carrying over into future stages) would decrease your building time, which would lead to the ability to create more pods, which would then lead to potentially increased income, which ultimately leads to more flexibility to allocate between risk management and development. In the real world, actors, communities, and organizations must also make tradeoffs economically; they must choose to maintain or improve the livelihoods of their societies in order to develop further, and to prepare the way for increased risk management. As we discussed in previous lessons that higher levels of income in countries correlate with better risk management, and adding this new metric would be a great way to integrate that concept into Risk Horizon.