8187076

Appropriate risk
management in the game allowed for further and faster development of the
community. By managing the risk of comets causing damage to the pods, less had
to be spent on repairs and thus more financing was available for upgrading the
infrastructure. However, the balance between managing risk and developing the
community was dependent on how the resources were used. The different resources
available were knowledge (research), protection and insurance.

 I chose to invest heavily in protection as it
had a long-lasting effect in contrast to knowledge which was limited to a
specific comet only. Buying insurance helped reduce the cost of repairs in case
of damage but was not sufficient to achieve the balance between development and
risk management. Whenever time was available, I invested in research as it
allowed for damage to be minimized – the community links created through the
research aided to reduce the damage and thus less financing had to be dispensed
for repairs. Investing in lasting protection enabled development to be achieved
faster in the long run.

After playing the game
more than once, I decided to build as many pods as possible before the threat
of comets got more severe. Whilst trying to keep a small amount of money as
reserve, I also increased the amount spent on protection. Additionally, I
minimized the amount spent on repairs by taking a basic insurance package and
making use of the community links to the best of my ability. 

The main lesson from
the game encompasses the strain faced when deciding whether to spend resources
on development or on risk management. By spending up front on protection, resilience
could be achieved. Nevertheless, the return from buying the expensive
protection is not captured immediately but it is realised over time. To achieve
the right balance, I had to devote funds to both development and protection
whilst also trying to make the best use of the other resources available. Whilst
a formal cost-benefit analysis was not possible due to time limits in the game,
the approach I followed consisted of a similar logic.

Risk management
choices in my island, Mauritius, depends a lot on incentives of different
parties. Political personalities only focus on projects with short term
benefits in order to gain support of the general population. The private sector
companies are mainly concerned with their own profitability and individuals are
often not aware of the importance and opportunity that lies in risk management.
Therefore, I would add a feature in the game that allows users to make teams, with each user playing the role of a different party. Whilst the score of the
team would depend on the collective decisions taken, the individual scores
would be based on the impacts felt by that user. The main aim of this addition
would be to show that risk management is beneficial to everyone if the overall
benefit is taken into account rather than individual incentives.

