8189653

Luis Rafael Sainz
Córdoba, Veracruz,
México.
Question #1
What was the role of
risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what
trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and
insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development
(immediately, or after some time)?
Answer:
During the
simulation, you are confronting with the decision of growth,
insurance and preparing to impacts.
But if you use the
posibility of research this will give you time to buy insurance when
impact is inminent according with the research data and in the
meantime you growth and prepare your colony using the resources
needed to elevate the plataform where you are building your
settlement.
Only when you master
the three different component mentioned above you will be capable of
doing synergy.The constant spending in creating wealth in the colony represented by the investment in the growth of the insulas, the need for preparation for the inminent hits and the decision of how much percentage of protection you will buy to the insurance company, keeps you making decision all the time, this is not and easy task because you must be well informed and well focused.I have no doubt that this simulation has a high similarity with the real world.
 

Question #2
If you played the
game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it
again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did
you do differently after the first time? What were the main things
you learned from the game?
Answer:
I play the game,
multiple times and each one reported me knowledge, in the first
attempts I was looking to buy immediatly insurance, but as I became
more expert I notice that with the research information I was capable
of determine when was the proper time for growing up, the good
timming for invest in the elavation of the plataform and finally when
spend mony buying insurance.  

Question #3
The game captures,
in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are
tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to
change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to
better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place
you live?
Answer:
I will give more
information to the player, to help improve their deciciones.
The better and
timming information the better the decision.
For some unknow
reason my laptop overheat while I was playing, I have a robust system
and this is the first time that something like that occurs,