8191213

I found the game to be quite
	enjoyable. The role of risk management in this game was to make sure that enough insurance and protection were in place for my developing community in case a comet struck.  It took me two attempts to get past level 4, and I got close to completing level 5 on my second try, but was not able to develop my community in time.  I usually chose to expand the community as much as I could during the first portion of the game, while still maintaining a certain level of protection.  I was wiling to purchase a much lower insurance policy in order to have enough resources to further development and maintain protection.  I would make sure that I researched each comet, paying special attention to the severity and likeliness to hit.  Early on, I noticed that upon performing research that if my level of protection was below the severity of the comet, that my development would slow down drastically.  Therefore, I always made sure that the level of protection matched that of the comet with the highest level of severity.  I never opted to pay for the highest level of insurance coverage, simply because I was willing to take the risk and spend the resources on upgrades.  This almost always paid off, because most times when a comet would hit, there never really was any damage suffered as a result.  I usually performed enough research on the comets to ensure that the level of protection was up.  If there was a comet with a high enough severity, I was willing to purchase the higher level of insurance coverage.During the first attempt, I failed
	to pay enough attention to the milestone requirement on level 4, so I lost.
	 I was too focused on researching the comets instead of actually
	making sure I was upgrading my developments.  I spent way too much time worrying about taking on too much damage and this cost me the game.  During the second attempt, I was able to make it past level 4 by taking a little more risk in upgrading my community.  I initially tried to keep the amount of available resources above $300, but in the second try I was willing to spend more money on upgrades and a lot less on insurance.  I found that the best way to keep development in the green was by matching the protection to the comet with the highest severity.  The main lesson that I learned was that I was a little too cautious about development and way too focused on research and protection.  I didn't take enough risks, and therefore I didn't develop in time to meet the milestones.  I learned by taking on more risk and focusing more on development and less on insurance and protection that I was able to reach the required milestone goals.  I didn't make it past level 5 because there were just a ton of comets.The change that I would propose would be to provide more ways for the player to develop the community.  Perhaps introducing so way to make the communities do business with one another while also upgrading would help speed up the development.  I found that I had a lot of time to focus simply on research but not enough resources to upgrade the community fast enough to surpass the development goals.In summary, I found the game to be very insightful about some of the ways that I handle risk on a personal level.
