8193098

In this game the main role of risk management was that there
were different comets which could hit our pools which can cause damage to our pool.
We had to save our pool from those comets in order to increase our level by
building and upgrading pods. I had to create a balance between growing our community and preparing for
these potential shocks.

The Power of
Research

In terms of power of research I learned that the power to
look out into space and learnt the chance of the comet hitting, the time until
impact, and the severity of the comet. By clicking on a comet and keeping its
box focused on screen, I begin to accumulate research. With each filled in
notch, I receive more time to create community connections right before the
comet hits, helping boost my protection.

Protection:

Our long term protection against the waves. I pressed and
hold the slider, located on the bottom right of the screen, into the upright
position to raise your island. By matching my level of protection, indicated by
the meter to the right of the slider, with the severity of the comet, I prevented
my pods from being damaged! 

Insurance:

By obtaining insurance, a pod damaged from flooding was
quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost development time
after my pods are repaired! I Clicked the insurance button at the bottom left
of the screen to open the insurance purchase menu and select a plan.

 

By using these three powers in concert with development, it
helped me to create a healthy community and create a Luminator legacy! 

I played the game three times. First time I didn’t took any insurance
and only used protection. And because of that reason I failed to reach further
level and I lost at first level. 

Second time I took insurance for 175 dollars and played but I
didn’t used protection in the right manner but I reached level 2.

Third time I took insurance and used protection and did the
research in right manner and I was able to reach level 3. After that I didn’t
played the game.

If I would be asked to make the new version of this game I
would not add anything that could more define risk management. The place where I
live has same situation of risk management but there are no comets instead there are different situations.

 