8193079

Risk Horizon
provided a compelling practical outlook on the three central pillars of risk
preparation and the effect a balanced approach to each pillar has in aiding successful
positive development. In my personal game-play experience, there were certain key observations I made which could prove to be effective in real world risk management scenarios. For instance,timely
purchase of insurance in the game provided an effective backbone to help build on knowledge
and protection, albeit at a significantly higher cost. However, the benefit-cost
ratio in the eventuality of comet collisions was well worth the investment in
insurance. Given the limited availability of time, I found that ‘protection’
often appeared to be the least favored preparation method on account of its
time consuming nature. This could well be viewed as an obstacle to effective
risk management as discussed in Chapter 2 of the World Development Report.
Knowledge however, proved to be a very powerful and cost effective tool when the
research provided on comets was analyzed and utilized correctly. This reemphasized
the lessons in Chapter 1 of the report which talked of plain data not being a
sufficient tool until it is meaningfully examined. As I went on to become better
versed with the risk management tools at hand, I began to notice that the rate
of development accelerated as well through more resilience to shock from protection
and research and lesser post-shock costs from timely insurance purchase.

I made a few
attempts at the game and noticed that through various permutations of risk and development
strategy, I was able to better manage the financial resources available and
even control the premiums being paid for insurance. It helped me approach risk
management more sensibly and work on my priorities in terms of the risk management
tools available as I began to better understand the cost versus benefit effects of each. This, in turn, facilitated more prosperous development
while building the overall risk resilience of the community. 

However, I do believe there is scope for improvement in the game, particularly in terms of a method to better represent the effect of community networks
and connections. During the game, the post-shock (comet collision) connections being made using the computer's cursor appears to be
arbitrary in the way it mitigates damages caused by collision. Perhaps there could be
a methodology by which the strength of network connections grow with the number
of pods and their levels (representing the population size and economic
strength of the network), this could then be offset against the damages caused
by comet collisions representing a form of ‘coping’.

Overall, I believe Risk Horizon was a great brain teaser
which helped practically internalize the lessons provided in the MOOC so far.