8194302

Risk management itself signifies that there could be a chance of destruction(in terms of the game) but also having the opportunity to minimize or eliminate the risk if possible. I initially at the beginning of the game made quite a few pods and immediately after building those pods I went on to slider and pushed it upwards while waiting for the comet to show up. Whenever, the comet came I clicked it and did the research so that the research meter is at least comes up to the same level as the chance of hit so that I have enough time to cover up the destruction if in case the comet blows up. Also, whenever, the first comet that is about to reach the water, I then bought the insurance as I had collected enough resources which got almost empty while building and upgrading the pods. I learned that it is not enough just to have insurance and you are safe forever. A person also has to give his effort in protecting the community in every way possible. But, at the same time insurance does give a person a sense of relief or safety that the risk can be minimized. Preparation for risk affected the development after some time as the comet used to blow up after the community was established and insured. If I had played the game only once, I would have bought the insurance first just to be secure that I don't lose out of my resources while making pods and also would have kept the slider up as long as the comet hits just to be on a safer side and minimize the destruction at the most. If I played more than once then I would have done the same as above. I basically, learned that a person has to analyse the situation so that he can deal with it accordingly and not blindly or foolishly come up with steps that could hamper the improvement. A person has to prioritize the actions that needs to be taken to deal with the risk and also to prioritize which risk is to be dealt first. To make a better place, I would have build on more trees to increase afforestation as the most risk is environmental and destruction of trees or deforestation has affected the climate most resulting in a bad situation most times. People would feel more safe the air gets cleaner and climate is better and also if in case any flood occurs trees can at least act as a wall that can minimize the destruction by the flood.  It's a simple thing but very effective for the future to be safe and is one of the ways that risk can be averted if not stopped. 