8196553

                                                 GAME  REFLECTION                                                                                                                                                                                What was the role risk management played? Risk management played in this role with natural               disasters. The comet's that were hitting planet Alora was the risk that had to be managed.  Risk      management had to research the outcome of the hit and miss, along with the outcome of impact in conjunction with trying to stop it. This was needed in order to protect our neighbors and ourselves along with  land , water and rebuilding structures if needed. Needs were also met with insurance provided to lumineer's for rebuilding pod's and repairs. In what ways did preparation for risk management affect development?  Immediately or after sometime? Immediately  .  If you played the game only once what would you do differently? I would do more research at a quicker rate,  in turn it would bring more knowledge on the way to protect and insure land along with buildings and ways to structure better. What were the main things you learned from the game? To do as much research as quick as you can to better prepare for impact of comet. More knowledge on securing land and the buildings along with life on the planet. Managing the risks involved.                                                                                                                                                                                                                The game captures in a simplified way some aspects of risk management . Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game wich allows you to change or add one simple thing?  Again that would be to do as much research at a quicker rate to deal with this kind of disaster. This will help save lives and restore structures,food etc, as well.  What change would you propose to better represent risk management choices that matter in the place you live?  I would say that were I live , a start would be education to people on possible risks that could happen any were at anytime, along with areas that are prone to the same type of risks, such as earthquakes, typhoons, tsunami's etc. Knowledge on how to deal with all different types of risks and how to prepare and insure families and communities. Then, maybe then at that point , more information from communities to enterprise sector's , financial systems, along with state and even international communities if needed . Depending on the risk involved. I think it would be safe to say that starting with families and communities depending on risk, we would all need some kind of shelter and food. And this would be some sort of "Bomb Shelter" with fresh air available but seal tight from outside air , along with food and a way to grow food . Not knowing the risk, you would want a reliable for sure way to grow food and produce clean water if needed. Theses types of shelters could be placed in different areas as well for people in a group to go safely , we already have alarms to warn us of such disasters so now we should all as a whole be responsible for securing better protection besides a house made out of basically no protection to with stand some real possible serious risks that could force us to live a completely different way. In order to survive some of these risks, we must start gaining knowledge as soon as possible in all areas of living to protect and insure our families and communities. Risk management is a very great way to do that. With risk management we can also learn how to take advantage of risks that could face us and turn those into opportunities to better ways of life and survive any risks that could come our way. With all this being said, times ticking.  