8197214

Introduction

The
risk management game has giving me more insight on how important it is to
adequately prepare for possible unavoidable future shocks. The power of knowledge,
insurance and protection from shocks cannot be over emphasized here. 

 

1.     
The role of Risk Management

The
role of Risk Management in the game is to protect
development from unavoidable future shocks
that will negatively affect the progress of development; this could be achieved
by doing the following:

·        
Provide
insurance to make it easier to recover from any future shocks

·        
Acquire enough
knowledge and research to help make informed decision 

·        
Provide enough protection
to help insulate against shocks

The
choices and trade-offs that I made in terms of knowledge, protection and
insurance are;

·        
Where the
chances of the comets hitting is less, development and upgrading still goes on,
since the likelihood of suffering from a shock is minimal. This goes on with
the mind-set that there is insurance cover to help make repairs easier should there
be a hit.

·        
Where the
chances of hit is high but impact is minimal, development and upgrading
continue as usual, since the shock will be minimal, I rely on insurance to make
recovery easier

·        
Purchase of
insurance is very vital to development; this is because the insurance help to
easily recover from shocks. Higher coverage of insurance per the game, made
recovery less expensive.

Preparation
for risk affects development in the future. This is because knowledge about
risk, insurance and protection from shocks that hinder development, are done
with the purpose of increasing resilience to possible future shocks.

 

2.     
How the Game was played

After
the first time of playing the game, I increased the coverage of insurance for subsequent
times I played the game; I also reduced the rate at which I was developing new
plots. The following are the things I learnt from the game:

·        
The wider the
coverage of insurance, the easier and less cost of repairs when shocks hit.

·        
Increased knowledge
reduces the severity of shock, it also helps to make inform decision to
insulate you from the possible future shock

·        
The more
developed a plot is, the higher the cost of repairs

·        
Development should
not be rushed, since unplanned development will end up putting you at a greater
risk

·        
Well planned
development provide enough protection that makes cooping and recovery easy 

 

3.     
Proposed change

The
resilience level of each developed plot should be indicated in other to help
make the player make decisions based on research knowledge with regards to the
possible future shocks. For example people living in a flood prone area should
be made aware of how risky it is to live in a flood prone area. Hence the need
to either build better drainage systems or build houses that protect them from
the floods, or move from the area and resettle elsewhere. 