8199136

Learning
form the risk management game, risk horizon.The first difficulty
I faced was to understand the game works, what thing is doing what. After
understanding each actions possible, you can start to focus on how to manage
the risks, and the strategy you want to use. 

 As an unexperienced’s in risk management, I
did the most stupid thing and contrary to all the principles of the course. I
used the main part of my resources to focus on an action. At least this
intuitive action helped me to understand each actions you could take. And then
more and more I changed my strategy to use all the power at disposition.  I started by using a lot of protection,
research and then the development.

 Then after a few try and a better
understanding of each actions. You understand what all the lessons said so far,
those are my feedback from my play:

The
role of research, is here to help you to gain knowledge. This knowledge, about
the chance of impact, the force of it. Give you the information needed to take
the best or the least bad decisions. It also easy and not too costly to use. After
knowing the effect and the hinted chance of the comet, you can think about the
way to invest your money. If the impact is lower than your protection,
you can be considered as safe and invest in development. 

If
the severity, can be managed by improving by one level or maximum two (at the beginning)
by protection, the protection is the safest and most durable way to manage the
comet. If
the severity cannot be managed by protection, or at a too expensive cost. The
insurance, would help to mitigate the cost of the damages. But the protection
that have already been setup, will also help you get a lower damaged cost.  The game, is really helpful to understand and
schematize the different action that can be taken to mitigate the risk. With
only three factors (protection, research and insurance), and a development to
manage it is tricky to do. And I needed several try, to get a functioning strategy
at least until the level 4. In a real situation, the research wouldn’t be so
clear, and not so mathematic, you would also have to fight the human factor,
and all the obstacles not only the resources obstacles. It does really help to
get a first approach of managing the risks for development. 

