8200065

In the game we were supposed to raise and flourish a community on the planet alora. Alora is in danger because of falling comets. The comets hits the planet through water which creates waves and causes damage to pods and life their.In this game the risk management plays very important role and with the help of it  we can minimize the destruction occurred . In the game i proceeded by first developing the pods and simultaneously protecting them from the comets so that the damage caused should be least.Also insuring the property  made it easy for the pods to be repaired with less cost.knowledge , protection and insurance also played vital role. knowledge about the comets like there chance of striking and the extent of damage they will cause helped in planning how to protect alora from them. This shows that knowledge plays very important role in planning against the risk. The proper knowledge of the risk and its consequences will lead in achieving strategic planning. While knowledge helps in planning , Insurance helps in recovering from the damage caused   by the hit. It reduces the burden on the player to repair the pods.In the same way we can tackle the risk in real life also. The game provided a vision of how to deal with risk in real life.Preparation for risk reduce the damage and thus clears a way for development. Generally when any risk or calamity hits a nation or community which is not ready for the risk ,  they face severe after effects which hinders their development as the resources which were meant to be used for development goes for recovering from the calamity. Therefore preparation is very important for development. So if we are prepared then we don't have to compromise with our development.The most basic thing the game teaches us is how to use our knowledge for protecting ourselfs from uncertain events. Also we learn that knowledge accompanied by protection and insurance can be of great help in risk management. Ignoring anyone of these can lead to serious consequences.In the world the develop countries use these only tools to recover from any hard situation. These can be considered as very important weapons for mankind when managing any risk.I am from India and the change that i will propose for the place is better management and organization of resources. We have ample amount of resources but what we lack is management. For example while travelling many people travel by standing on the door or sitting on the roof of the buses.Many people lose their life by traveling in this way. So management of crowd and increasing the number of buses will be very helpful for these people.Hence i will like to add on the feature to the game which will take management and organization of resources into account.  