8203072

The Risk Horizon
Game simulates the three important factors needed for effective risk management
aspects before the shock occurs: knowledge, protection and insurance. The player
has to balance between them and the development of the city he has to build up
and enlarge. The trade-offs between development and risk management costs, as
well as the choice of combination between the research, the increase of the
protection of the city or the amount of coverage as the insurance has to all be
calculated and combined in the right way so that the city can advance and be
effective in the risk management against the waves. In the beginning the cost
was not as sensitive to the methods applied, so I was able to use the maximum
insurance coverage offered and still spend enough amount of the budget on the development
of the city, however as the levels advanced, I had to make harder choices
involving more trade-offs.  I played the game
several times and realized that by being overcautious I did not put enough amount
on development, so I realized through trial and error that the optimal choice
does not mean the best and highest cost of protection, but the most efficient
combination of research, protection and insurance. I started choosing lower
percentage of coverage and therefore lower insurance price, but focusing more
on the research that was also giving me more means of financing for further
development. I personally loved the idea that having better research means more
developed city which in real live and country development shows the important role
of education, knowledge and science on the well-being of a country or a nation.
and last but not least, I used protection based on the research I did for each comet
which allowed me to minimize the amount of impact and therefore use lower
protection level. In terms of building the city, I decided that quality is
better than quantity and started off with lower amount of buildings, but more
upgrades of their appearance. Then I managed the amount of buildings and
updates based on the resources available and the task I needed to complete. The
greatest lesson I learnt from the game is that balance is the key to
development and risk management and the needs of the country and its resources
should determine the ways and the means used to effective risk management and
advancement. The game definitely shows the resilient   relationship
between development and risk management. Lastly, the Risk Horizon Game shows
the importance of the relationships between the members of community to cope
with the common threat. Being united and living in community is what help us
survive and develop. 

Amongst
these lessons, in my opinion, the game may suggest other
means of protection to be used over longer term horizon. For example, in
Bulgaria, the place where I live, we experience floods and other natural
disasters relatively rarely, so the state and the population tend to
underestimate the risks and the problems. The institutions also tend to
postpone the obvious risk management policies to keep in cleaner state the
channels and the drainage systems in the cities. This problem, addressed in the
video talks and the report as well, shows the importance of the long term
horizon investment in risk management. That is why, in my opinion, the game
would be a bit more realistic and challenging if it offers a forth tool that
would be a longer-term protection policy against the waves or more severe
natural disasters that happen once in several levels but need a  bit more different policy.    