8206015

The role of the risk management is to prevent
or minimize the damage from the shocks. Prevention can avert or mitigate the
damage by physically prevent shocks to come. Insurance can pay for some of the
repair cost from the damage. Knowledge can enforce our coping ability afterwards
which leads to minimize the damage.

When the intensity of the comets was rather
low, I chose to spend more money to protection. On the other hand, if the intensity
of the comets was rather high, I decreased investing in protection but increased
to investing in insurance or knowledge. When considerable comets not coming, I
spent money only on development. 

There was trade-offs especially between insurance,
protection, and development because they all cost a lot. Spending so much in insurance
or protection leads to an unmet level of development. That was the most case
that I lost the game. Overall, protection seems very effective to mitigate
damages but it actually takes both time and money. In order to well prepare for
the shocks, we have to decide the good combination of protection, insurance and
knowledge.

 

I played the game several times. As I redo
it, I spent more in development in the earlier stage and spent more in insurance
and protection as the level goes up. 

Protection and insurance are no worth if
the development level is low because there is not much to protect. There emerged
strong effects once there are well developed facilities as the potential damage
to them became far beyond the affordable amount.

I also learned that it is important to get
knowledge to be better prepared for the coping especially when the intensity of
comets exceeds the protection level. Coping can provide the ability to mitigate
or protect the damage with a little amount of money although it takes quite a
while to research enough.

 

If I were to develop a new version of the
game, I would put different types of areas for development. There should be
mountainous area and riverside area as well as lowland area which was already
set in the current version of the game. Different area has different risk. For
the risk of comets, it would be highest in the lowland and lowest in
mountainous area. On the other hand, developing cost will be lowest in the
lowland and highest in the mountainous area. It will bring another trade-offs
and make our decision more complicated and difficult.

 

