8207482

In order for my risk management in the game to be effective, I needed to combine three items: timely development; the capacity to prepare for the risk in advance; and the ability to cope with the risk after impact.Preparing for risk included gaining knowledge about each comet’s speed, severity, and likelihood of striking. After gaining that knowledge, I needed to decide on two forms of protection: elevating the village and investing in research. The latter is intended to enhance community connections in order to avoid or mitigate a comet strike’s damage.Following a comet strike, I needed to implement the protection mechanism of community connections I mentioned earlier. If there is still damage, I needed to fix the damage immediately, and hopefully at a lower cost due to insurance.One of the biggest mistakes in my initial failures in the game was to not properly prioritize between (a) insurance, elevation, and research; and (b) enhancing development of the pods. I focused excessively on one or the other. I later realized that the best strategy was a combination of the following:Purchase the maximum amount of insurance when a comet appears whose severity and likelihood striking are high. It is particularly more important to do so during the higher levels of the game: the higher the level, the higher the level of development of pods, meaning that they were more expensive to repair. So maximum insurance was key then.When a comet is of high severity and likely to hit, devote some time to researching. More time (and money) invested in research provides more time to make community connections with recovering from an impact’s damage.Start building as many pods as possible in Level 1 to reach your development goals in time, and to begin gaining capital income and creating more resources to tackle more comet risks.Attempt to upgrade the pods more quickly. Upgraded pods fill your meter faster and increase the amount of wealth you make, thus leading to better resources to tackle comet strikes head on, and to purchase more insurance.The level of elevation of the village should be minimally proportional to the expected severity of high-probability comet strikes. Aside from those cases, I would recommend leaving the elevation level alone—they tended to strongly hamper timely development progress.In short, take the time to assess each comet's risk instead of blindly maxing out your money on one or two of insurance, elevation, research, and development.In order to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live (the United States), I would include in the game some variation due to human biases like underestimating the risk, having a short-term view of managing risk, and procrastination.