8208902

The role of the risk management in the game
was to evaluate all the possible risks and find out a solution by using the components that we have seen this
week.A general valuation must be done on all the factors present in the game: natural calamity, development times, protection, research and insurance.The first time that I played, I focused myself
on the construction so I built as much I could, when I lost the first time I realized that I needed also to protect everything with a correct insurance that could help in case of disaster.
When I lost again I decided to focus my attention also on
the research.

So I started again with another idea on my
mind and I focused on the three components of the risk management.

During the game I decided to focus my attention on the research in order to try to reduce losses. Knowledge can help people to understand the nature of the risks and can help to decide
how to act and in the game was possible to see how the research could change the negative effects of the meteor impact. As we have seen in the game development and research run together. We need to be prepared so we need to invest time and money on the research and than with the obtained results we can start thinking about how to plan the development. Research, information and knowledge are useful but not sufficient. In this case the impact was inevitable even if we had all the information about that so the next step was to analyze the
right insurance and a good protection.

I decided to pay 1 dollar every time to cover the possible losses and in this way added more protection to my project. Protection includes any action to prevent
negative shocks and it can be self-provided, purchased from the market or
provided publicly. But protection cannot completely eliminate the
risk so in this case the insurance could help to reduce the negatives effects of
the shock.

One thing that I have done in the game
was to buy an insurance for all my buildings in order to be covered and be helped
in case of damages. Insurance allows to be covered for something that could happen but we are not sure about that, and with this cover we are induced to invest more time and money on a project. With the right cover we can restart after a disaster without spending a lot of the resources we have so we can focalize again on the project and continue the development.

On one hand I realized that be ready and know risks allow to act in order to protect and defend the development done at the time but on the other hand I also understood that, as well as in this game and also in the reality, the risks sometimes are evident but the
amount of the losses are unpredictable. The only thing that we can do is be prepared and organized in order to prevent damages as long is it possible and reduce the negative effects. For this reason risk management plays an important role. Knowledge, protection and insurance are components that we need to consider every time that we want to talk about development as well as Incentives, information, behaviors and resources.  