8208855



When approaching the game, it was interesting to identify the various options and their trade-offs. A long-term strategy to prepare for risk was to continuously raise the location. However, as happened in later attempts, it became clear that the cost and time allocated to it were a trade-off to the ability to free time towards development by purchasing insurance instead. As a result, my initial strategy was that I was very risk averse. This included a sole focus on trying the strategy of raising the location - combined with research to ensure that the meteorite won’t be too severe – but neglecting a swifter advancements or upgrades of the bods.Interestingly, after playing the tutorial, I immediately reached level 4 playing this strategy combined with strategical suggestions from the tutorial. However, when replaying the game, I decided to build as many pods as possible with continuous raising of the location. This uni-dimensional strategy, which is what I falsely believe to have paid off in the first try, however failed as I wasted too much resources and time on raising, instead of upgrading and thus did not even advance beyond level 1. Consequently, while in the first try, the focus was on integrating multiple risk management strategies, the second attempt with a singular risk management strategy proved to be unsuccessful. The game proved as a result quite successful, as I would have expected that my ability to develop an improved risk management strategy would have improved over time, i.e. that I ‘cracked’ the pattern after the first time round. My ultimate downfall, however, was an unusually severe meteorite, which I could not account for and failure to purchase insurance for such an event. It also taught me that eliminating risk is impossible – which is what I wanted to do by raising it – but rather managing of risk is the most potential avenue. This furthermore highlights that the benefit of insurance is that it covers not only the most sever of incidences, but provides a safety net for even events that have a high probability of occurring and yet might not be as severe in damage.One proposed change in order to advance the game is have a better understanding of the dynamics between upgrading of pods and accumulation of funds. Lacking the complete knowledge – or at least having had to depend on observational abilities to dissect the speed in accumulation of resources by upgraded pods –most likely contributed to my inability to develop better risk management choices. Living in Western Europe, understanding the trade-offs between investments and rates of returns over time is essential given our overall focus on stimulating long-term economic growth strategies that are capital-intensive and often involve significant infrastructure investments.