8210754

1Risk
management plays an important role in the game. The risk of the game is almost
dependent on the knowledge, protection and insurance applied to it in a very
strategic way. It was a challenge to identify, prioritize and cope with the
obstacles presented in the game but in a way, the most important thing is to
manage the risk and know which to manage first and what will be the most
effective approach.  I was confused on
which problem should be the focus.  I was
mostly aiming to protect the pods first and insure them that I forgot to
research or prepare for the disaster itself. It took me a while to learn how
prevention can change the game entirely. Preparation doesn’t always come
immediately, it took a while and a lot of patience to examine and observe the
appropriate preparation needed.

 

2As I
mentioned I could have done an earlier research to avoid further distraction on
my pods. If I were to play it once and lose, knowledge would be my first hand gear
to protect my pods. And if I were to play the game many times, I would probably
want to balance the three important risk management tools I have given:
knowledge, protection and insurance. During the game it was impossible for me
to balance every aspect and tools I can use to successfully guard the pods and
win the game. With this, I learned that every single tool in the game is
important and every single one of them has its own purpose or function to
successfully win the game.

 

3If I
were to add something to the game I think it would be the choice of what kind
of pod to build on the space like for example a pod which can be made out of
different materials like wood, metal, glass, concrete, etc. which will
eventually have its pros and cons but still each one pod is designed to combat
specific hazard. The player now should be wise enough which will be better to
use given the money to spend on which material to use depending on the hazard.
The better the material is, the higher the price.  And another would be the terrain of the place
where the pods are to be built on like for example, there would be valleys,
mountains or hills which I think will further challenge the inhabitants risk
management skills.