8210959

I  think the word "Game" describes pretty well my experience with "Risk Horizon". In the video lectures we have learnt that the benefits of risk management exceed the costs of it. So I thought the best would be to invest in protection. That was an epic fail. I didn't notice this little entry in the FAQ "Whenever you are protecting, your pods are not developing. This is something you must keep in mind when you are attemtping to balance preparing for comets and reaching your goal before time runs out."So one trade-off is certainly to protect your village and develope it in the same time. I invested too much money in insurances at the beginning. I invested too much in research and protection. I was kind of over-protected (the money for the insurance was wasted, I chose the 75% one).An other trade-off consists of the way you would like to build your village. What is better, buildung lots of pods or upgrading them? I tried both possibilities many times, but I only achieved level 3. One main issue was the little implemented game before the wave hits the village. Although I invested in research, it didn't help me to protect and save the village. I first played the game on my notebook, but it is quite difficult to play with the touchpad and hit all the yellow glows in this short time.So I switched my computer and used a mouse. I changed my strategy. I invested in insurance, but only 33 per cent, otherwise the incentive not to build protection would be to high. This insurance was cheap, so I had enough money to develope my village. I built lots of pods instead of building one and only upgrading this one building. I think that money can't buy you development in this game if it is on your bank account. So I invested it as fast as I could. And the mouse did help me to get more protection for my village. An other problem I faced was the fact that I find it difficult to protect againtst big comets at level 2, especially if they hit you at the end of the game, so you lose your developement, because you don't have enough time to rebuild the village.I don't like the minigame. In my opinion it destroys the good idea of strategic risk management. It really is a game when you have to click dots. I don't like how the research works in the game (observation of comets equals research???) I would replace this system by a research buildung, where you can invest money and get predictions like "In 30 sec a comet (4 bars +/- 2) will hit you. The +/- should depend on the level of that buildung.My little brother (10 year-old) played the game just for fun. And yeah, he achieved level 5. He didn't watch the videos of this course. I guess he knows how to use the mouse. Nevertheless I would be interested in a walkthrough of the game. Could you upload it after the deadline?PS I apologize for any spelling errors in advance. If you want, you can correct these.