8212895

REFLECTION FROM THE RISK HORIZON GAME

Risk
management in risk horizon game helped to avert damages that could have
retarded development. Through research - which improved the time to establish
linkage with communities to minimise the impact of meteorites that struck,
securing insurance, and protection, risk management helped to eliminate or significantly
reduce the impact of meteorites that struck and offered the opportunity for
further development in subsequent stages of the game. 

Throughout
the game, I made trade-off to help progress to the next stage. Notable among
them were situations where I sacrificed developing pots to secure insurance and/or
protection. During other stages of the game, I spent more time researching
meteors in other to secure ample time for establishing linkage with other
communities to diversify risk and minimise shocks associate with meteorites the
stroke.

Initially,
preparation for risk drained available resources (capital) and hence led to
slow development. In the long-term however, adequate preparation served as a
great platform to propel the channelling of resources into developing pods.

In
playing the game the third and fourth times, I channelled more resources into
researching and protecting my developments and it really paid off compared with
the first time where most of my resources were channelled into developing the
pods. It became so decipherable to me from the game that, research and
therefore knowledge acquisition is very important in risk management as it is
the foundation upon which choices can be made regarding the channelling of
resources into insurance or development. I readily came to comprehend why
countries like Japan even in the challenge of all the risks they are exposed to,
are more developed than a country like Ghana - that is well endowed with
natural resources and more so, exposed to relatively fewer and less devastating
systemic risks.

In Ghana,
citizens are posed with financial crisis notably, the depreciation of the Ghana
cedis due to considerably high import of goods and service. However,
individuals are at the risk of losing family breadwinners to diseases (hypertension,
malaria, HIV/AIDS or hepatitis B), accidents and even death (GHS, 2007). Loss of
jobs specifically in the mining sector is also a common occurrence (The
Chronicle, 2014). On the other hand, Japan, is susceptible to volcanoes,
tsunami and earthquakes (Science Channel, 2013). This greatly constrain their
allocation of resources for risk management and development. Whereas research is
helping in forecasting the occurrence of these impending dooms that loom large,
in other citizens prepare for the inevitable, other risks notably accidents,
and sometimes death are unpredictable.

By designing
some pots in the game to be susceptible to liquefaction and sinking, decision
regarding the use of resources can better represent idiosyncratic risks (losing
a job, falling victim to a crime or a disease) in the game. Moreover, by making
the ground for development susceptible to flooding in addition to the falling
meteorites, the systemic risks associated with countries notably Japan, Haiti,
among others could be best depicted in the game. It is worth knowing that these
countries have to make trade-off in the use of their resources in preparing for
one risk or the other.

In
conclusion, the game has provided more insight on the role of risk management
in preventing damages that could retard development whiles offering diversity
in the learning approach to this course.

References

Ghana
Health Service (GHS) (2007). Hypertension is the number one killer disease in
Ghana. Available at ghanahealthservice.org/articles.php?nd=35cat=1tt=
accessed 10th July, 2014

The
Chronicle (2014). Minister Worried About Looming Job Losses. Available at the
chronicle.com.gh/minister-worried-about-looming-job-losses/ 

Science
Channel, (2013). Strip the City, Season 2 Episode 4 Megaquake City – Japan.