8214453

This game is a possible simulation of risk management in the development context. Comets represent risks, because there is a possibility of loss. Their basic characteristics are impact (severity) and likelihood. Moreover, those risks are measurable but implications are uncertain. Confronting comets means possibility of damage to our development, so you try to prepare for them (research; knowledge), get insurance, and later cope with effects. So, this game brings together basic characteristics of risk management and tries to simulate how to prepare, confront and cope with risk. When I played this game I had to make choices on how to balance between growth and coping with risks, how much to pay for incurance, how much time to spend on research and on which comets, and how to protect. My strategy was to get insurance, try to spend as much time on research as possible, protect agains the "waves", and in the meaintime grow my community. However, similar as in the real life, risks are uncertain, and sometimes loss is bigger than expected. Protection in this game help me to become resilient - to faster recover from negative shocks - sometimes immediatelyor in the next level. Thus, good protection was an important part of achieving better development.After playing this game more times (I reached level 4), I spent more time on research as I found out this helped me to better prepare and cope with effects of damage. What is more, when I played this game first, I tried to grow my community as fast as possible, but after playing it more times, I upgraded my slots slower as I paid more attention to managing risk and balance growth as this helped me to develop my community in a more predicted way. All in all, I learned, in a simplifed way, why knowledge, protection, and insurance are important. This elements help us to manage negative shocks; prepare and cope with shocks. In a new version of this game, I would recommend to include different kind risks. I would not make this game more difficult but add some more risks as this would make this game more realistic. Those risks could be risks of drought if there is no rain, risk of disease, or risk of floods (these are also risks we face in our ocuntry). Regarding gamelaplay, it would also help us to continue game from the level we reach instead of playing it from the beginning. As I understand, the aim is that you like playing this game, so this small change would add to better gameplay. 