8214865

In the Risk Horizon game, I am an administrator to develop
the Alora to the best with what I have. The Alora is facing the threats of
waves caused by falling comets which hinder development. So my role of risk
management is to synthesize methods of research (knowledge), protection and
insurance to minimize the lost. Researching will earn time to build community
connections to protect Alora from the hits. But sometimes you are busy
researching and not able to develop effectively. Protection is the direct way
to avoid lost but it costs money, so that the wealth you can spend on
development will be limited. Buying insurance in advance will lessen the money
you pay for fixing pods and it costs money too. 

The game is so addictive and exciting to some extent that I
spent a whole afternoon playing it. At first, I can hardly pass through Level
3. However, at the second time I lost the Level 3 I suddenly noticed one important
thing that I was too afraid of the hits and spent too much time on researching
and building connections. For example, a 1-meter risk meteor would cost me
4-meter research. The fear and overprotection made me lose many opportunities
to update my pods and fail to meet the development milestone. Then I tried
again and attempted to match the researching time with the lost. This time I
succeeded to reach Level 4. The lesson I learned from this round is that
limited knowledge indeed has a large impact on the risk management.

Level 5 is another bottleneck for me. I had a little rest
and thought about my future strategies. To breakthrough, I have tried three ways.
First is to raise my protection which I paid little attention before. By doing
this, I realized the protection level should match the risk level very well, or community connections can only earn you one level higher. That is a
useful conclusion I summarized. Second, I reduced the insurance rate a little
because I hardly suffered from hits. Sometimes you can just ignore it if you
have enough confidence of the effectiveness of the risk management. Last but
not least, paying wealth as much as possible on development should always be
beard in mind. I synthesized the above three ways and tried again and became more successful in developing. I found that Interestingly
but understandably, the meteor level increases with the development levels.So at
the beginning of every level, the administrator might as well raise my
protection level to fit the development level, usually one or two higher than
before. Then, he should spend nearly all the money to develop the pods and use
research to prepare for the possible hits. After every hits, you should raise
the protection level too. By this way, I finally succeeded to win the final level.

What I learned from this game is that you should clearly understand
the principles of risk management and know the characteristics and possible consequences
of different ways of risk management. How to trade off and put them into coordination
largely depends on the certain circumstances. Fear of taking risks is a natural
tendency of decision makers, so what we should do is to break through this fear
by executing effective risk management.

During the game, the severity and possibility of hits is certain. By effective risk management, zero lost can be achieved, which
makes insurance of little importance. But in reality it’s not. So I think the
game will be better to make the lost less predictable and raise the importance
of insurance buying. 