8217109

Rebecca Rock

The
role of risk management in this game was to keep the community protected and
able to respond to and withstand known risks. 
At the beginning of the game there was a steep learning curve as one did
not have the necessary information, from research, to make informed decisions
on the correct amounts of protection and insurance to apply at each level of
the game. It was essential to increase one’s knowledge about the severity and
likely impact of the comet to make an educated decision on the amount of protection
and insurance to apply. Having this knowledge allowed one to apply these
measures (buying appropriate insurance and increasing protection as needed) so
that the community would be more protected from these risks. However, in ones
effort to protect the community, the cost of protection and insurance used up
some of the wealth that could have been used in the development of the
community.

The
game had several lessons,:

Research
is necessary to make informed decisions. Although, after one’s initial research,
possibly through the first and second levels, less research is needed as one
becomes familiar with various scenarios and has learned which levels of
protection and insurance to apply based on the severity of the comet and its
likelihood of impact. For example, in the first level, because the structures
are not in an advanced stage of development, less insurance and protection was
needed as they were cheaper to repair even if they were impacted by the comet.
Whereas in the more advanced levels it was necessary to get more insurance and
to protect the community at the highest severity level of the approaching
comets so that the costs of repair would not halt the development of the
community. Sometimes
it is necessary to slow down development and invest resources into the protection
of existing assets, so that it would be easier to recover after a disaster. In the
game, applying protection took up time and resources that could have been used
for further development of the community but when disaster struck the benefits
were immediately realized; the damage sustained was little or none and the cost
to the community was quite low especially if insurance had been purchased.The
game also allowed, through research and observation, to make informed decisions
about how much risk to cover when buying insurance, the amount increased as
structures became more advanced and constructing costs increased. While
research was always helpful it was also time consuming so it was important to
decide how much was necessary, to make an educated decision.





If,
I were to improve this game in any way I would allow for more individual responsibility
within the community for the purchasing of insurance. The stage of each
individual building would have determined the amount of insurance purchased.
Each community member would have taken on the risk based on ability to pay and
how much they were at risk of losing if disaster struck. While blanket insurance
works for some it would have been more effective if each structure was
evaluated on its own or all structures at the same level evaluated together,
and a decision made as to the type of insurance to be applied to each one or
each group. There would have been cost savings and more equitable sharing of
the risk management.