8217867

First of all, let me say that this game is a very good way to learn a cost-effectiveness calculation, which estimates of the likely costs and benefits of risk management. 1) The role of risk management in this game is protecting
basic livelihood (pods) in the
given territory (Alora) as
well as promoting risk taking (by developing livelihood and making
choices). There are also
many direct and indirect risks-sharing mechanisms. These include: self-insurance at
the state level, market-based tools (such as hedging and insurance instruments,
income associated with foreign assets, external borrowing from international
markets, and current account adjustments1), international labor mobility (such
as through immigration and emigration), implicit hedges provided by
macroeconomic flexibility, and transfers and access to credit from
international financial institutions (IFIs), and bilateral swap arrangements[1].
Thus, for example, I preferred to buy
insurance as soon as possible as well as to make a deep research. After some
time of course extensive preparation affected the development.

 

2) Effective
risk management can provide both resilience to withstand adverse events and the
ability to take advantage of development opportunities. Thus effective risk
management consists of combining the capacity to prepare for risk with the
ability to cope afterwards, while pitting the upfront cost of preparation
against the probable benefit. A strong risk management strategy consists
of four components: knowledge, protection, insurance, and coping. Even though from the first time I played the game I
have reached 5th level, I couldn’t reach the next level even when I
played it second time. I believe that my main disadvantage was the lack of
development as a result of not taking risks. I have mainly put my efforts into
the preparation process. If I were to play again, I would try to put more
efforts into development in order to effectively manage the risk.

 

 

3) Facing risk and
uncertainty is one of the most difficult challenges for individ­uals,
households, communities and countries. Global financial crises, civil conflict,
crime and criminal violence, climate change and natural disasters, infectious
diseases, and volatile food prices are only a few of the many events and
processes that can deepen the sense of insecurity in today’s rapidly changing
and globally integrated socio-economic environment. Therefore, I would propose
to make more real connected with a real risks which country may face or risks
which can affect individuals.



[1]
Managing Risk for Development: International
Risk Sharing by Joshua Aizenman
and İnci Ötker-Robe, June 26, 2013 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/EXTNWDR2013/Resources/8258024-1352909193861/8936935-1356011448215/8986901-1380568255405/WDR14_bp_International_Risk_Sharing_Aizenman.pdf




