8217134

This game really shows that an optimal adjustment of choosing which tool to use, to what extent and when, defines how successful the risk management can prove on the long term. The anticipation, the energy deployed to achieve a level of protection high enough to go through the comet waves safely, all the steps taken timely are defined through the same logic that was introduced as key elements of Risk Management. Preparation is here materialised into Knowledge acquired from studying the comets while they cross the sky, Protection is gained from the height the platform is raised, and Insurance is applicable to the environment built, proportionally to the installations developed. Then, Coping is illustrated by the post-impact actions available : recovering thanks to Insurance benefits, and obviously repairing the damaged pods.Technically, with comets falling from the sky, managing the risk taken by the community does not allow for a second chance. I needed it though, and a trial and error approach was indeed pretty efficient in order to reach a perfect management.The metaphor of this little piece of land constantly bombed is quite accurate: being too greedy, building all possible pods without investing in upgrading them will show inefficient. Being excessively protective, raising the level of your land too fast, will leave you with no money, and not enough power to reach your goal.At the same time, not defending against the comets will result in too much damage that even the insurance will fail to protect.At last, spending some precious time on research might lower the risk, both its occurrence and its importance.If I had to re-develop the game, I would add variety in the risk encountered, so that the player would have to adapt in-game. The recurrent risk of falling comets make them fall into two categories only: those that will hit and generate damage, and those that won't, being too unlikely to hit or too weak to affect the community. Therefore, a routine sets up: the response is systematic and is influenced only by the efficiency of the player to reach the milestones of security timely (building enough upgraded pods fast enough to pass the levels, raising the level high enough). The beauty of a real-life situation is the variety of risks that impose different responses to be properly prepared. For that matter, strategies fit to anticipate a risk might be counter-productive when applied to another risk. It is once again the knowledge of the nature, frequency and impact of each risk that will determine the appropriate protection to develop. It is to be noted that readiness to face a risk can also be efficient when applied to another, and it is the synergy of actions that will reveal sustainable on the large scale of Risk Management. Hence, I would definitely instigate that notion into the framework of the game, for instance through a tough compromise: isolating from the waves by raising the platform up would bring the community out of range of a capital resource (like food from fishing, for instance) and a seasonal arrangement would have to be understood by the player in order to deal with both needs.