8218939



Game
Reflection

1.The role of risk management in
this game is to prevent the damage of pods from flooding/waves caused by the
comets in our efforts to build and upgrade pods in the face of potential
shocks. This has been possible through appropriate preparation in terms of research
(accumulating necessary knowledge and information about the severity of the
comets), protection and insurance. My strategy was to make balanced and
integrated actions regarding the three risk preparation mechanisms. However, I
gave more emphasis to research that could inform protection (in this case
creating community connections) before the pods are damaged, and to protection
– that is protecting the pods from damage, as comets are getting severe. I
prioritized research and protection because my primary goal was building and
upgrading the pods by avoiding damage at all as much as possible. However, as
it is very difficult to be certain that damage would not be happen at all, I
also purchased insurance to ensure cheaper and quicker rebuilding of the pods
in case damage would come. But, the amount of money spent for insurance was
very limited.Regarding the impact of risk preparation on development,
preparations in terms of research (both the accumulation and use of information
and knowledge), protection and insurance saved pods from damage due to flooding
that allows the realization of the development and upgrading of pods That is an
immediate effect of preparation for risk. On the other hand, preparation for
risk could create strong and resilient community that could achieve sustainable
development by further preparing itself for risk and cope with potential
damage. 

2.As I played more than once, in
the second play I reduced the amount of time I spent on research (as I spent too
much time for research in my first play) and sharethis time to protection. This
change allowed me to improve the building and upgrading of my pods with lesser
damage from comets hitting or flooding in my second play. The main lessons I
learned from this game are, therefore: first, the importance of making balance
actions between research, protection and insurance for effective risk
management for development – that is logical and meaningful integration among
various strategies of preparation for risk. Second, although research and/or information/knowledge
accumulation is an essential first step towards managing risk, a mere
accumulation of information and knowledge is meaningless unless they are
distributed to the actual users to use them to boost protection. That is
immediately transforming research to protection. 

3.As I am living in Ethiopia where
millions of rural people are made vulnerable to food insecurity primarily due
to drought and of course due to other institutional factors, the change I can
propose is on the shock itself: changing comet and subsequent flooding by
drought. So, the potential shock now is drought. Thus, in the context of
drought shock, the main change I propose regarding elements of risk preparation
is on protection. The protection power should include both technical (for
example, providing improved or drought-resistant seeds) and institutional (for
example, market efficiency) instruments. And, in connection to this, it is
possible to include coping (adaptation to drought/climate change) as an
integral part of managing the risk of drought and/or food
insecurity.   

