8220306

Risk Management Game Reflection

By:
Joshua Miller

The game played a focus on the
risk management in the scenario of natural disasters or occurrences and the
impact which it plays on a both unprepared and prepared society and was
simulated through the goal of constructing a village while in the midst of constant
destruction from asteroid s.  When it was
the start of the game I decided that while there was no clear danger in site I
would begin building the first level of houses. My priorities quickly changed
once I spotted the various asteroid s falling from the sky. The only way to
actually successfully engage the next step, protection, I needed to first
realize what the severity of the situation was and this would be done through
obtaining the knowledge through research of the asteroid s following this I
could make a decision right there of either continuing to study the asteroid  and complete research, as some asteroid s are
too fast to complete on their journey to impact, or I could invest in
protection by raising the ground or purchasing insurance.  Every decision that was made was an investment
for a better/worse situation in the future. 
The purchase of insurance would give, while not physical protection
against disasters, it would give financial protection and the money saved after
the one large purchase of insurance may be used to further upgrade the
buildings.  

                Having
played the game more than once the strategy for game play had greatly improved
once I understood the equal importance of each section of the game (knowledge,
protection, and insurance).  When a first
began to play the game I would solely focus on creating buildings and buying
insurance. While the focus would, in a disaster free scenario, allow for
economic growth in this case it left the village open to physical harm since I
did not raise the village but more importantly I did not complete research
since it required time and like life this game waits for no one.  These methods of simply focusing on half the
resources of the game did not work and needed to adjust quickly and because we
allowed room for research and physical protection we avoided excess amounts of
damage from the asteroids. 

                If I
were to add any one thing to the game I may add various updates and fake news
reports a nation may have and as a result of these false events adjust the
price on materials and/or insurance to create a more realistic environment for
international risk management. 