8221377

Playing the game Risk Horizon is a revelation on many levels. First important realisation comes from the fact that it is nearly impossible to progress far, respectively it costs a good deal of effort, when you try to play for the first time not precisely knowing the rules. Already at the beginning I confirmed one of the pitfalls of human mind that was discussed in one of the lectures before - overconfidence. To start with, I eyeballed the rules and logic, and set to play. However, as the game picks up momentum, the pressure comes in, and it is nearly impossible to keep up for more than three levels before you are crushed by failing economy of your small Pod State.
The whole (very simplistic) model first shows perfectly well how important information is and how one decision (say, investment into insurance, or an economy-growing pod) influences outcomes in the future. You need both, that is for sure - pods and insurance, one for now, to have the powerhouse of economy steaming on, the other for the future. But it is the classical of the problems of running a economy - do we invest now into something that has an immediate effect, or into something that will/might materialise only in the future. It makes me smile a little to realise how difficult we would make the game by adding one more variable - corruption. That would eat from our ability to predict, delegate resolutions, and the power of the economy.
Another interesting thing is finding the balance between self-defence and insurance. I am pretty convinced that there is a great variety of people that do not know exactly how to find the equilibrium - they on one side might purchase the most expensive insurance and leave the rest to chance, sometimes that works for them, sometimes it does not. Others might think investing into insurance is a decent bag of money, I better invest it into something that will give me more return and bit by bit build my own resilience to disasters (which might end up being the most expensive option). Others go the middle way. One way or another, an important revelation is that during a lifetime, people, families, companies, states, or countries eventually will get hit and there will be damage, regardless of the preparations, planning, executive work, or insurance. I think that when you invest a great deal of effort into risk management, in the corner of your mind you hope that as a result, any damages must as a function be entirely avoided. But they most likely will not and the resulting psychological suffering moves individuals to desperate states, from which it might be very difficult to come back.
I believe that after the waters calm down, like in the times of tribes, communities should be part of a feedback sessions to see what went wrong, what could be done better next time, and to be shown in a simple way how their common action helped to keep the territory afloat as much as it was possible. From a reflection upon this they should get a feeling that preparations do make sense, and also a better access to those, who crucially have the most responsibility (or avoid responsibility) within their community, or country, for that matter. In the long run, it is a case of making decision makers accountable directly to their people. I am now living in a South American country and REAL accountability is what here no one seems to be assigned. And it is not difficult to tell. Sweet words, no change.