8222542

The role of risk management in the game was
to reduce the frequent strikes and shocks from the comet which caused massive loss of development assets. Using risk management tools available in the game i.e. research,
protection and insurance appropriately, I was able to mitigate the loss of
development (pods). The risk management tools decreased the severity of the loss
and served as springboard to pursue further opportunities and build more pods.
However, balancing the investment choice
between development and preparation was not easy because of financial constraints, need to develop and unpredictable nature of the shocks. Investment
in preparation for the risk decreased the financial resources available for development of
the pods. Given the frequent comet shocks, it is hard to achieve sustained
development without investing in preparation for the risk (research, protection and
insurance). The investment in preparation for the risk affected development by decreasing
the financial resources available for development.  However, the lesson for me was the cost of preparation is lower than
the cost of coping with the shock when not using risk management tools.

I played the game several times. The
first time I played the game, I focused on development without giving much attention to preparation for the risk. The damage
to the development pods following comet strikes was higher and in most cases it was hard to cope after the
strikes.  in the later plays, I concentrated on getting
the trade-off between development of pods and preparation for the risk of strikes right. Getting the right balance and ensure development of the pods given the limited financial resources was not easy. The key
learning for me are; strategically risk management is essential, understand
the risk is useful in making desirable choice and trade-offs for risk management tool and
policy but this requires investment, the more the data there is on the risk the more it informs the choice and investment
decisions between preparation and development, and strategic mix of preparation is required to build strong development and protect it.

The game is a simplified version of the real world which is more complex.
In the real world, at any given time there are multiple risk factors at play;
ranging from idiosyncratic to systemic risks. In developing countries, it is not uncommon to find multiple risks such as drought,
floods, earthquake, financial crisis, conflict, unemployment, and health risks presenting together. In such an environment, more preparation and choices are required to minimize shocks and maximize development at different levels. Further with globalization new risks are emerging that cut across borders e.g. terrorism,
crime and disease epidemics. These risks require concerted risk sharing efforts at
international, national and community levels. Therefore, adding more risk factors and more risk management
choices to the game will capture the multi-factor nature of risk and flavor the game with more choices and obstacles found in the real world. Risk management choices become more complicated when limited financial resources compete for the many needs and are thinly spread to cater for the preparation of many shocks.