8223859

Q1: Throughout the game, I was able to understand and apply the three elements of risk management in the following ways:Confronting the risk: Doing nothing about risk, could lead to greater failure. It is important to take certain step to reduce the impact of risk. In the real world this could translate to saving lives, preventing a crisis or unleashing an opportunity that would not have been realized. Preparing:Thinking through a strategy, keeping my eyes on the horizon as well as investing time in research helped me advance to higher levels. Risk preparation should be holistic. Focusing on one aspect  e.g.buying insurance may not  fully insulate one from the impact of the crisis at hand.Coping: Once hit by a comet, it was important to do repairs. This helped the community to suffer less damage caused by subsequent comets.The choices and trade-offs were first to ensure that I was applying the information provided at the beginning of the game. I also found it useful apply learning from the discussion forum which helped me propel myself to level four. Second was to place greater emphasis on research which helped me analyze the severity of the comets as well as the chances of being hit. I tried as much as possible to ensure that the level of protection matched the severity level especially where there was a high chance of the comet hitting the pods. Thirdly, I realized the need to balance advancing development against investing in protection or insurance i.e. developing new pods vs upgrading the current one.  The maximum amount of insurance did not always pay off and it was better to save the resources to use in other areas. Although preparation for risk was an intense and sometimes costly exercise, it helped develop a more resilient community overtime. Q2: I did play the game more than once and the main things I learnt that helped me do things differently where:Keep your eyes on the horizon: It was the rather obvious thing to do but not always the easiest with a number of things to monitor.Research: This I could not emphasize enough. It helped me make informed decisions on how much emphasize to place on protection and insurance. It also helped buy time.Community: It helped to work with the community to reduce the impact of risk. After while it became difficult to monitor all tools and therefore it helps for risk management to be a collective effort.Indicators: It was useful to have the light on the left as an indicator of whether i would achieve the level. Monitoring and profiling risk is key particularly where there is high risk high impact this would require better management.Knowledge is power and cannot be neglected. Preparation will go a long way in managing risk. Q3: If I was to develop a better version of the game, i would include the following:The ability to move from one level to the next without having to start all over again. In some instances it was caused by a 'fatal error;Clearer feedback at the end of each round. I was not clear what exactly I was doing wrong.I would design a different format of inputting some of the choices similar to the insurance one so that one is clearer about the choices they are making.