8227195

Good Risk management Strategy can help in
making the best possible decision to cope with risk and to utilize the
opportunities associated with risk. Thorough Knowledge of risk can help prepare
for the risk appropriately what best to do and what not to do and develop best
protection strategy and insurance can further help in dealing with the consequences.
In the game risk was managed through these key principles. By getting the
knowledge and risk nature of the comets and managing coping strategy
accordingly with development, defence and insurance to manage cost of repairing
and managing the money according to the strategy best suited for the upcoming
risk.  I played it twice and learnt a lot
with respect to managing development, risk and money. The stronger the
community the better it can cope with a shock. With too much protection the
cost of risk management increased dramatically and reserves were finished with
very less development. Protection need to be balanced with knowledge and
insurance. Insurance is very useful in dealing with the repairing of assets
affected from the shock. 

I live in Pakistan and the country is
deeply affected from terrorism.  The
changes I would like to make for a better coping and eliminating strategy will
be quick fire rescue teams, better hospitals, establishing a strong forensic
department in the law enforcement agency to catch and convict criminals as most
of the terrorist captured are freed due to lack of evidence and weak judicial
system, Strong SWAT police unit to cope with the events and strong intelligence
to gather information and stop future attacks.  Government funded insurance policy is needed to
help people reconstruct there assets and to increase faith in future
investments. Families of people died in the attacks needed to be supported to
make the community stronger to deal with the terrorist with in their communities
strongly. Areas where living conditions are too dangerous, people should be
encouraged to migrate to urban areas to make the best out of the worst. That way
their lives could be safe and their income can be increased as big cities have
more opportunities compared to smaller villages.

