8227219

The game Risk Horizon illustrates the
important role of risk management for a healthy development. The community of Alora
develops by building pods and upgrading them. However, Alora faces a risk in
form of continuously falling comets, which represent a threat to the wealth and
the development of the community. The community can spend their wealth for
either development (i.e. building and upgrading pods) or for the preparation against
potential adverse shocks caused by the comets (i.e. research, protection, and
insurance).It is important to find the balance between spending for development
and risk management. Fortunately, development and risk management do not
represent a trade-off, on the contrary they can complement each other and
proper risk management enables bright opportunities for development.

 

Being prepared for risk facilitates the
development process, by either purchasing insurance or protection; one can
smooth consumption (i.e. building and upgrading pods). The protection and
insurance help to focus on development and the associated “economic” growth.
Furthermore, one can avoid being caught in a poverty trap, in which all the
wealth would be just spend for the reconstruction of the community. The initial
investment in insurance and protection reduces the available funding for the
pods, but in exchange one avoids the consequences due to negative shocks or
mitigates them and the development process is more smoothly.

 

Protection and insurance represented substitutes
in this game, at least to my opinion. I played the game several times and
either bought the more expensive insurance and less protection or the other way
around; either way the outcomes were similar. I considered research as a
complement for insurance and especially for a protection. The information about
the likelihood and the severity of the adverse shock was helpful to make the
right investment decisions. Furthermore, research also helped to cope with the
shock in case it was inevitable. Insurance was an important tool for facilitating
the reconstruction and to mitigate the financial consequences. The purchase of insurance
was especially useful for taking a higher risk in form of better upgrades of
the pods, since one had the opportunity to at least partly protect his
expensive investments.

 

The main thing that I learned from the game
is that a basic protection and insurance are especially important for
development, because they allow taking appropriate risks for important investments
decision. Furthermore, one does not spend the whole wealth for the
reconstruction of the community after a negative shock, but one can spend the
money for new productive investments, which helps the further development
process.

 

I would especially improve the research
function of the game, it would be better to have a forecast of the comets
before the start of the level to make better investments decisions. 

