8227158

As an anti – computer game player, I must say that I found this gameparticularly funny and entertaining (even though it got blocked acouple of times :)). What I liked most about it is that it made methink continuously and forced me into finding equilibrated strategiesand solutions for limit situations, when more options are availableand resources are limited (both time and money). And this is mostlywhat risk management is about.In terms of preparation, I mainly concentrated on knowledge (research)and one protection measure (raising the isle) and this was generallythe most important trade-off I did during the game, every time Iplayed. Nevertheless, while sometimes I neglected constant developmentconcentrating more on insurance to diminish the loss, I found thatupgrading the pods seemed to make them more resistant and increase theoverall financial resources. Thus, sometimes I chose to diminish theinvestment in insurance and use the available resources for thedevelopment of the world.In the short run, it was obvious that raising the island (protection)would diminish the power of each impact. Then, continuous investmentin research helped a lot in loss reduction (through community help –if you are trained to do the connections fast enough:)) after eachimpact. I noticed that the better one manages to prepare for the risk(through knowledge, protection and insurance) and cope with it(community help after the hits), the smaller losses were and the morefinancial resources one saved to develop the managed world (build andupgrade pods).I played the game three times. The best option at the end proved to beconstantly investing in the research, then balance the remainingresources between insurance (I decided to choose for the middleoption, after many variations), the constant development of the pods(which increased the total financial resources – I had neglected thispart at the beginning) and raising the isle to diminish the power ofthe comet hits.What I found particularly interesting at the game was the move from anon existent to a developed world (going through the developmentphase, as well). Investment in the pods (through construction andupgrading) increased the financial resources and, at the same time,the costs of other services (such as insurance, which was directlyrelated to the values we had to insure). Nevertheless, it also provedto be more resistant to shocks, as well. What I would add is thecommunication of knowledge (many times, knowledge is not disseminatedcorrectly or through the correct and trustworthy resources). Researchis not sufficient if people do not know about its results and impacts.