8230486

1. Risk Management in the game provided the opportunity of determining looming risk, identifying the risk and kind of risk in order to prepare adequately to manage, control or mitigate the risk. In the game, I made a couple of choices by investing time and money reasonably in the following ways -:Firstly, I conducted research on the comets as they approached. The statistics I got from the research informed me of mitigating measures to adopt. Adequate research required time and patience because some of the risk started with high severity strength but ended up showing less possibility of a hit or lower severity. This informed me on whether to spend more money on upgrade or community insurance and also saved me some money as I only spent money when needed.Secondly, I insured the pods to cushion the effect of any uncontrollable damage. The most expensive insurance did not guarantee less damage in my observation or reduced severity of the damage. It is also wise not to be extravagant on insurance policies where other things needed to be done in the community. Prudence is key to saving money for the community and increasing investment.Insurance also gave me some amount of confidence to build and upgrade the pods; it also came on handy after damage is incurred due to the effects of the comets.Thirdly, I provided information (from the research) to the community in other to scale up social protection measures. The community had to provide support to themselves in order to manage the expected risk. Information also helped reduce the severity of the damage. Fourthly, some of the risk turned out to be opportunity as the pods were upgraded and the community infrastructure improved, thereby making them more resilient to the effect of the risk (comets).My biggest trade-off was capital as I had to upgrade the pods in order to strengthen them enough to withstand the risk. In that way, I did not make a lot of saving and did not upgrade the insurance policy after increasing the value of the pods.2. I played the game more than once. The first time, I took out the most expensive insurance policy but did not invest in research. I did not make it past the first level. Subsequently, after conducting in-depth research, I was able to reach level three, insured the pods, upgraded them and still saved money for the community. The end notes provided at the end of each level provided good guidance. The main things I learned from the game are the importance of gathering and sharing information, which I was able to do through research; the confidence to do business as usual with insurance and adequate preparation is the best way to mitigate risk.3. I live in Washington, DC and I think that choices would be almost the same with what I experienced in playing the game. I would not make a lot of changes, except to be able to increase community insurance beyond the level the game permitted.