8230445

QUESTION 1: In this game, the objective is to meet the
Alora community development goals by building and upgrading pods.  Risk
management involves confronting, preparing for and coping with risks.  Players confront risks by observing meteors and researching their level of severity, probability of hitting and
time to impact.  They prepare for them by boosting their protection
or purchasing insurance, and they cope with their effects by making connections in the aftermath of a shock and repairing pods.  As I played
the game, I found that I had to make trade offs between my development goals
and managing risks.  For instance, if I didn't adequately protect against
risks, I would suffer losses that would set back my develop.  However, if
I over-insured, , I would have fewer resources to spend on development.
 Finding the right balance between opportunity and risk was key to a
successful outcome (i.e. winning a level).  To achieve the right balance,
I employed a strategy of ensuring that I had at least a basic level of
insurance as soon as the meteors started coming, and that
I checked on the predicted severity of the meteors as soon as
they came into full view but were still a little ways out.  This gave me
time to increase my level of protection to match the severity of the
worst incoming meteor if I needed to.  Using this strategy, I
experienced no damage in most cases. QUESTION 2: I was able to successfully complete up to
Level 4 of the game, but lost Level 5.  From this I learned that my
strategy of focusing on a mix of insurance and protection was not enough.
 I needed to place greater emphasis on knowledge/research and community
connections to continue to develop successfully as development progressed
because the cost of insurance and protection were increasing at a rate that I
couldn’t afford if I pursued my previous strategy.  And, the cost of repairs
to pods was also increasing, which also put back development considerably when
a meteor hit.  This led me to the insight
that successful risk management strategies in the past don't necessarily work
as development progresses. The appropriate balance
of knowledge, protection and insurance will change over time.  

QUESTION 3: One issue where I live concerns the
construction of a pipeline across land and an increase in oil tankers
collecting oil delivered by the pipeline.  The pipeline could break, causing an oil
spill in the area of the breakage with severe negative outcomes for people and wildlife.  Similarly, the oil tankers could run
aground and spill out in the sea over a vast territory, again with negative
outcomes.  Despite the risks, the pipeline and oil tankers are likely to
bring significant economic benefit to the region.  Though the benefits of the pipeline and oil tankers will be
great, they will not be evenly distributed - jobs are likely to benefit a few
in a specific sector and to be short-term while a spill would affect many for a long time. To have players
of the Risk Horizon game reflect on the realities where I live, I suggest a
subsequent level of the game could be structured so that the game’s incentive
structure changes.  In this round, the goal could shift so that players
are rewarded for meeting their own (or an organization’s) financial targets,
(e.g. Pod Construction Corp. only), but not the development of the community as
a whole.  Players could then be asked to reflect upon how their behaviours
changed in this round and to observe what effect this had on the community as a
whole.  

 