8233247

The role of risk management in the Risk Horizon game was the decision making of pursing the opportunity to expand and advance your pod community while evaluating risk of delaying advancement in order to protect the community against comets. For the trade-offs that needed to be made in the game, knowledge was key. The knowledge to be gained was of the chance that a comet would hit and the what the severity of the impact would be. Once this knowledge was obtained, the trade-off of elevating the land or continuing to build and expand the pod community could be made. This was also important because the advancement bar for the next level was halted during protection periods. Insurance was a necessity in my opinion. It allowed for the quick repair of the pod village which allowed for better advancement opportunities when more low-risk comets were approaching. The trade-off for the insurance was cost vs. protection coverage. Due to the short length of time for each stage of the game, I found risk preparation to have more of an immediate impact. I did find myself preparing less for potential comet impact during the last quarter of each stage in order to better increase my odds of filling my advancement meter. I found the game to be enjoyable and played twice. The first session allowed me to get a better feel for the risk/reward of how spending too much time preparing for a potential comet impact would prevent me from moving on to the next level due to a lack of advancement in my pod community. In the second round, I found myself taking much more risk than the first. In the first round, I over-evaluated the downside that would be caused by the impact of a comet (depending on it's severity level). My second time playing, I focused much more on expanding all of the open land plots for the pods and then advancing each. I found this much more effective for acquiring income and filling my advancement meter. The first round I spent too much time trying to advance my initially purchased plots without expanding to the remaining open plots. This with a combination of focusing too much on elevating my land for comet protection led to a much slower fulfillment of the advancement meter.If I could change one thing about the game, I would make the benefit of expanding new land plots vs. upgrading current pods more significant. I felt that the fulfillment of the level advance meter and income generated from each land plot was not as significant as it could have been, which also made the decision of area expansion or upgrading existing pods less clear. I think that if upgrades provided a clear benefit in terms of building endurance in terms of withstanding comet impact or income generation, that would have provided a better guidance for strategy in the game. In reality, buildings are constructed using designs and materials that will best suit the environment of the area that they are developed in. The upgrades in the game for example could have illustrated a wall around the structure being added or a more protective building material being added to the outside of pod to show that it is being better adapted for the potential hazards of the environment. I think that this would have assisted in the demonstration of how preparation and protection are incorporated in risk management. In conclusion, I think that the game was very enjoyable and delivered the concept of how knowledge, protection, and insurance are incorporated in determining risk and pursuing opportunity. 