8234140

1. Role of Risk ManagementRisk management is about trying to obtain objectives. In this case a happy, developed community. It is the process of balancing the cost of research (on the shocks and their outcomes), raising the island (reducing the likelihood and impact from the shocks) and insurance (using reserves obtained before the shock to be able to respond effectively) against building the pods and gaining greater resources. The impact caused by each comet cannot be known until it strikes and the skill is finding a balance that gives sufficient development to meet the target while not being destroyed by the shock of a comet. The information provided by research allows decisions to be made in whether to keep building (reach objectives), take out insurance or raise the island (community/government protection). The number and speed of the comets reflect the situations where you can only know and respond to a certain amount of information. Because these are risks and not certainties the impact from the shocks may still not match the research and then other aspects of your preparation come into play.In all cases the cost and effort put into preparation impacted the achievement of development objectives and was a delay to successful development. The extent of the delay and the possible benefits from the protection could not be determined because the impact from the shock can not be known prior to it occurring. The overall success of the decisions can only be assessed over a longer time period when the objectives have been achieved or not achieved - game won or game lost.2. Choices All the preparation had a cost. Research took time, insurance cost resources and raising the island took time as well as resources. Development could occur in parallel to the other activities but only if there were sufficient resources. Spending too much on protection slowed down the rate of development, as did a shock occurring. This reflects real situations where the economies of countries can be impacted for many years after a shock and the cost of implementing protection can be greater than the community or government can afford, especially in poorer countries.If I played the game again I would make more effort to raise the island as this is direct protection from the impact. It offers more direct protection than insurance which reduces damage and allows a quicker recovery but is not preventative.3. Addition to the gameI would add a feature to interact with the community. This would require a commitment before the shock to assist others or implement reserves/protection but would result in payback after a shock in assistance or reduce impact. Conversely failure to invest in the community would result in a cost or reduced earning capacity after a shock