8236953

I have been playing several
strategy games related to issues such as urbanization like My Country 2020 and Megapolis
 and also other environmental protection
simulation. Those games have complex rules to complexly reflect the reality as
much as possible. However Risk Horizone Game I played is much different. Despite
simple rule, this game reflects very strategic and realistic simulation
regarding to risk management. 

The game reflects the disguised
of risk in everyday life that we had ignored. The risk in the game is the
protect the building from the meteor which caused the wave the damage the
construction. There is trade-off between resource from development and resource
for risk management.

When I first played this game, I
thought the rule is too easy to follow and the risk was so easy to handle so I
didn’t need to spend much effort on this game. At the first game play, I didn’t
understand much about the rule of protection, assurance, researches and
communication that I needed to re-read the instruction several times before I
played again.  As I played, I focused
much on development on assets and totally forgot about the resource and
protection or strategy to reduce impact of risk. As result, my construction was
damaged for several times. After several games, I focused more on protection,
assurance and research tools so I could pass level 2 of the game. Therefore, I
feel that I learned and enjoyed the game more than before. 

Despite several flaws the game
can attach players the knowledge learned and also reflect the decision to make
in reality as they play. The drawback of the game is that there is only one
types of risk that is easily predictable. As the reality, there are many type
of risks and hard to predict. Plus, the tools they used are too simple that
they are just clicked. It is not to make any more effort in finding more
solution rather than randomly click on each tools and hope for the best.
However, the best part of the game is to be proactive in risk protection and be
familiar with risk. Regarding to solution for risk management there are two
parts which are protection and mitigation. Protection include research for
understanding the risk, protection and assurance, while mitigation is too
communication. As I believe, the most important part of the game is to make
decision at each situation given. When the decision is made well, the
implementation will be likely to be better manage the risk. 

The modified version of the game
that I suggest is to make it multiplayers. There most important tool of risk
management in my countries is pooling resource and risk communication. No one
can cope risk alone and it is very costly. Pooling resource and help each other
one at the time is very important. They need to work corporately in the
community. 

In Conclusion, playing this game
make me more proactive in making decision which prepare me better for risk
management in real life rather than took risk for granted and did not manage my
resource effectively for risk management. 