8237235

Role of risk management was to have adequate research, buy insurance and protection to cope with the events. Knowledge of different types of comets provided the strategy for dealing with the pod disasters. If the joint probability of severity and hitting the pods was low, then, the community could be saved by elevating the land only. if the joint probability of severity and impact was high, then, insurance, protection and raising the land would result in a lower level of damage. However, knowledge of different types of comets was essential in arriving at what level of insurance, protection and or raising the land was necessary. The tradeoffs between the 3 items was based upon research and past behaviours. Preparation for risk affected the development after sometime as resources were required to sustain the existing communities rather than making new ones and exposing them all to higher levels of risk without insurance and protection. After playing the game several times, I realised that location, size of community and nature of comets mattered immensely in the decision making process. To provide adequate resources of insurance and protection (which included upgrading the pods) to the existent communities helped lower the damage percentage in several instances. However, since this simulation was more of a natural disaster, you could not fully predict the behaviour and frequency of the comets. I mostly tried to provide insurance once the severity and impact was determined as high and simultaneously complemented that with research and protection by elevating the land. in some instances, elevating the land despite protection and insurance was not enough to mitigate the risk, but the overall numbers began to decline with my trials.I would go for more in-depth knowledge for the different types of comets and the speed at which they would hit the Alora community. I would develop another measure of protection (given that there were adequate resources) to divert the path of the comets. Raising the land was a great idea, however, they needed to build walls around the community so that the impact of the waves could be lowered. 