8237932

I
really enjoyed the game. It has great lessons regarding the risk assessment and
management. First of all is evaluating the risk considering both the impact
and probability. One can spend a lot of time reading about
Probability/Risk Matrix, yet the practical experience plus the life
demonstration are different stories.  

Also
keeping busy securing-protecting- your already done development activities has
great trade off as it will hinder upgrading or going to higher level in
development. Environmental analysis –research- has to be a
constant to monitor and forecast future changes. It is worth mentioning that
not all risks need spending money and time to secure yourself of. 

Another
good lesson is keeping the balance between vertical and horizontal
development. Both should be run hand in hand. It is not good to focus
on vertical development in one area leaving another area underdeveloped. I
used to work as program manager for healthcare development project besides my
work as a university lecturer for different topics related to management and
managing policy change and I can say that balancing between vertical
progression and horizontal maturity of programs/courses delivery is a key
indicator for the level of proficiency for who is in charge for any one of
them. 

The fact that second
level/layer development is more coasty than the first one. Watching your
development program flourish in one area carries a lot of positive feelings that
my mask the fact that cost is high and getting higher. Even the running cost
ex. Insurance or recovery after risk attack. No need to say that the
development indicator rises in higher pace after the first layer/wave of development.

I used not to rely a lot
on insurance, et this game stimulated my mind to think of it
rationally. It is much needed but one should calculate the level of expenditure
on insurance versus the probability and impact of potential risks. And all of
these should be expressed in monetary terms. Money talks even in development. 

The game also has many
areas for development such as:

1.  
Improving the
quality of the graphics will make it more enjoying

2.  
Provide simple
key performance indicators for development areas/aspects with different impact
on the development bar will highlight the fact that real sustainable
development need different interventions and each one has its own impact on the
development index.

3.  
Continuing for
the previous area for development in the game, the interventions should hit
different areas for community development like education, health, security…etc

4.  
It is mentioned
in the game that the more you develop the more you will receive money. This should
be more indicative, for example you will receive X amount of fund when you
reach for Y level of development.

5.  
The game should
include sense of Opportunity and how to turn risk into
opportunity.

Finally and as a
conclusion, the game provides good example for the relationship between proper risk
management and sustainable development in symbolic manner and I enjoyed it big
time.    