8237729

The
answer to the first question


The Risk Horizon is a real
time strategy online game that instills effective, rationale, and responsible
risk management for better development of the Alora community. 

The role of risk management
in the game is, as explained in the World Development Report 2014, to assist
the Luminator (policymaker) in the process of confronting risks of natural
disasters, preparing for them and coping with their effects to protect hard-won
development gains and to produce resilience by recovering from devastation
(aftershocks), minimizing the danger of future devastations, and seizing every opportunity
in pursuing the development aspirations of the Alora community. 

In a real world, this Risk Horizon
game can be likened to an island on which real estate or extensive infrastructure
development are being pursued subject to natural disasters with potential large losses within
the context of scarcity (limited
financial resources: amounts
of US dollars to finance the development and upgrade, and eventually repairs in
the Alora community in the aftershocks of natural disasters). 

The trade-offs I did confront
in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance were to mainly focus on building
all the pods at level one as fast as possible until I used up the startup US
dollars provided. Then I raised resources to buy protection and did not start
building again until propelled into the next level. This makes good sense in
real world where heavy investments of financial resources into developmental
initiatives requires insurance. These trade-offs and preparation for risk paid
off after some time by lowering the opportunity cost of alternative uses and positively
affecting the resilience of the Alora community as sporadically the pods were
prevented from being damaged (risk-free). 

The
answer to the second question

I played the game more than
once, what I did do differently after the first time was to focus on building all
pods and then most of the subsequent choices were made on the basis of
priorities. Bringing all the interlinked three powers (more
knowledge or research, more protection, and sporadically purchasing insurance) at set times, and coordinating their sequences
subject to commensurate US Dollars for upgrading developed pods. Repeatedly,
more research was used to generate extra resources to repair the damaged pods and
upgrade the undamaged ones.  

The main things I learned were
that every amount of dollars commensurate to build a pod has to be invested as quickly
as possible and to keep meter of development level up going green and full. The
crux then becomes upgrading, buying protection and at a later stage purchasing
insurance to lower the cost of repairs. 

The
answer to the third question

I must stress that this game
advocates full government intervention (a top-down approach) in risk management as
to suggest that government
actions are needed to achieve and maintain development. 

The change I would propose
to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place I live
is that, the development debate and discourse have shifted and another
important strand of thought has emerged concerning a grassroots (a bottom-up)
approach to development specifically to sub-Saharan African countries.
The World Development Report 2014 emphasizes that joint contributions to risk
management are needed from different economic and social systems that include
inter alia the household, communities, the enterprise sector, the financial
sector, the macroeconomy, and the international community. The Government’s
role is to scale up these contributions and not to be a central authority (centrally planned economy or command economy)
or a central luminator who
uses planning to allocate available Gross National Income (GNI) of the Alora
community according to pre-determined 'priorities or needs'. 

