8239879

In the game we managed the risk of comets hitting the planet
through protecting the pods, deciding how much insurance to take out, and if a
comet hit then creating community links and rebuilding the pods. I found I made
trade-offs between building more pods to create and help development, and
buying protection, as both cost money. I also found myself buying more
insurance and then using less protection. This was because it was a lot quicker
and took less effort to insure my pods than it did to protect them. Preparing
for risk had no affect at the time, but when a comet hit some time after, I was
thankful for the insurance and protection as it meant that my pods could
recover quicker from the disaster and at a lower cost. However, at the time of
buying the insurance and creating the protection for the pods, development was
not as quick due to the spending of money. This discouraged me from adding the
highest rank of insurance or creating a lot of protection.

 

The second time I played I bought more protection for my
existing pods as opposed to building more pods. This meant I could take better
care of my current pods and they would recover quicker if a comet hit, as there
were less to repair and community links could be created quicker between all
the pods. I also bought a higher rank of insurance the second time round. This
meant my pods could overcome the effects of a disaster quicker and at a cheaper
cost than if I had bought less insurance. Finally, I learnt that when more
community links were made straight after a disaster had struck, the less
overall damage there was to the community and the better it coped with the
disaster.

 

If I had the opportunity to make a change to the game, I
would first create more than one risk. I thought the idea of the same type of
risk having different severities (i.e. the comet) was very clever, but in the
real World there are lots of different risks that you need different
approaches, different protection for and not all of them you can obtain insurance
for. Secondly I would add an opportunity type of risk. This would be whether or
not to take a risk on, that may or may not end up with a positive outcome. For
instance, if a pod was given the opportunity to relocate to a different part of
the planet that may or may not have a more diverse and higher food supply,
increasing the pods food intake and their potential for building more pods and
increasing development.