8239786

Q1) Risk management was the central point. There was a risk of falling comets and the Alora community had to be saved from those. Some of the comets were really powerful and devastated the reconstruction and new construction efforts . As regards to knowledge, protection and insurance; all the three were very good risk mitigation startegies. However, they were expensive. For example, buying the insurance was helpful to lessen the reconstruction cost, however it was expensive and came at the cost of building the pods. Likewise, knowledge of the impending danger was very useful to increase levels of protection. However, increasing each level again meant consuming the limited resources. During the game, preparation for risk by buying insurance, gaining knowledge and stepping up levels of protection helped the Alora community after some time and not immediately. All three were strategies were required simultaneously.Q2) I played the game many times. Initially I did not opt for insurance and this had a devastating affect on my community development efforts. When the disaster stuck, all the pods were destroyed and I had no insurance coverage. Second time, I opted for the highest coverage and it helped. However, I could not clear level 2. I tried once again with 75 percent insurance coverage and reached level 3. Subsequently, I reached level 3 many times, but could not clear it. Then I devised a strategy. I took a moderate insurance coverage and increased the protection level to higher levels after assessing the warning signals. As a result, I reached level 5 twice.The key take home is risk management should be undertaken holistically. We have to do three things simultaneously: a) assess the risk (probability, intensity and impact ) of disaster by seeking adequate information from research and right channels; b)Basis that, increase "protection levels" beyond highest potential "risk levels" and c) buy adequate insurance to hedge self in case the protection fall apart. If resources are available, one should opt for maximum insurance coverage which is equally important as building house or undertaking any community development workQ3) I often go to Uttrakhand (a mountainous state in India), which recently faced a big disaster- a flood which took many lives, especially poor people in the mountain economy. Many died and many others lost their livelihood. In retrospect, all the three risk mitigation strategies used in the game are applicable in Uttrakhand. However, the following may be added in the new version of the game to tackle such a situation in my country. I have however not tried to bucket the strategies in marquee words such as " information/knowledge", "protection" and "insurance". The strategies are: a) common safety standards in house/building/hotel construction, b) close supervision by local government authorities on compliance to building guidelines and c)  rescue and relief response post the disaster. The highly vulnerable state requires a proper action oriented "state disaster mitigation and management plan" The plan should also be honestly implemented and not just remain a plan. These may be added in the game too.In the context of Uttrakhand,the recent tragedy also shows that opportunities can emerge out of risk management. If develop a proper strategy to develop the "ecologically fragile" states and districts after doing a risk and vulnerabilility analysis, then the same can be used to develop endogenous/rural tourism in the hills/small hamlets and community development blocks. Along with tourism, alternative sources of livelihood such as animal husbandry and agro based small industries may be developed to improve the revenue of the state to deploy more resources towards future risk management strategies.