8240014

In my opinion, the role of risk management in the game is to create some
new civilization which will be developed by effective risk management. The real
risk comes from the Universe, especially from comets which could fall     in water and create a big flood or by
hitting damage objects from my civilization. Thus, the main idea is to create a
good preparation, effective interventions which would avert all type of damages
and prevents development setbacks. Steps of preparation:

1       
Knowledge – It helps
to realize a right research, to observe the coming risk, its force of influence.
Knowledge of risk by clicking on the comet and see what is the hitting probability
I have decided how much I need to increase a protection, to purchase insurance
or not.

2       
Protection -by rising
up the protection level I could avert many damages of hitting by comets with relatively
low cost.

3       
Insurance – by having
it I could minimize my expenditures (to recover objects created by me) raised by
damaging. 

By these tree steps mentioned above I could prepare for
mitigating to risk and all these steps enable me to stand the negative shocks
without caring serious losses. 

During the play I understand that the actions must be
balanced, because paying attention only on research, protection or insurance
could be more costly, but it was not beneficial for finishing in time. I must
develop the society by using big part of benefits. In the beginning of game I
took a big attention to preparation process, I bought insurance and rose the
protection level too much so during the first two tries I failed the game as paid
most of money on it. Then I started to play more carefully, I have started analyse
the upcoming comet nature, probabilities of damage and real effect and
translate knowledge into action. So I have created obstacles, mitigate the risk
and cope the risk by reaching to fifth level. And if my computer would be more
powerful, I believe that I could rich more levels.

I would offer to add an option to not loose gained
levels, because starting from the firs level when you fail, for example fifth
level, is time consuming, we could use the time on readings or other valuable
things. From the point of view of risk management I would like to add more than
one type of civilization which would contain other types of risks and the
player could choose which type of risk he/she wants to have a deal with. It could
help the player to collect practice in many types of risks and subsequently to
use more knowledge which he/she gets from the course.