8240655

This game taught me that the resource is scarce and needs to be used wisely to mitigate risks.  Essentially there were three ways to mitigate risks in this game, research, insurance, and protection.  The key is to be able to allocate resources effectively to mitigate risks.  In this game, there were two main resources, money and time, that I had to carefully monitor.  It took me sometime to realize how risk management works in the game then I finally realized what I needed to do.  First, I had to purchase enough insurance coverage to offset any possible cost when the city was damaged by flood created by the impact of comet.  Second, I had to raise the city to a "safe" level to reduce damage caused by the flood, lastly, I need to keep my eye on comets which might likely to impact the planet and cause great flood to the city.  In additional to lay the foundation for risk management, I need to build the city with limited budget.  With this preparation, I was able to reach level 3 but still having difficulty to reach to level 4.  The trade off in this game is whether I should allocate more resources for development or risk management.  In most cases, I found myself spending too much resources in risk management and not enough time in development.If I play the game only once, I would purchase maximum coverage insurance and raise city level to 2 immediately.  Then start building the city with the left over resources.  In the first time, I didn't buy enough insurance so when the disaster hit, I would spend most of my resources to repair the houses and not enough to build new ones or upgrade existing houses.  When another comet hit the planet, my resources will be completely wiped out.  And if this is in the real world, I would have to borrow more money to repair my city and be in debt trap for a long time.Overall, the game gave a good sense on how good risk management can actually help but I was hoping that in some cases that I could borrow money to repair my city.  In this game, there was no option for me to borrow.  It is more like a cash based economy with no credit line.  So, if the game developer could include the option to allow me to borrow then the game might be more realistic.  However, with debt I might not be able to pay off if I could not run the risk management properly. 