8240136

                                                                           REFLECTION ON THE HORIZON GAME ON RISK MANAGEMENTRisk management is an important aspect of life. It helps us in identifying possible risk; determine the impact and creating a possible means of eliminating the risk or reducing the impact. The element of risk management are risk analysis, risk management, risk control and risk assumption.1. Risk analysis: The first part of risk management is identifying the risk or obstacles that have the capability of causing destruction on a course of action in future. For instance the risk in this game is the comet that strike which cause damages.2. Risk management: The second part of risk management is the estimation of the loss if the risk occurs. For instance in this game, the interface that displays immediately a comet hits which shows the level of damage or no damages that occurs is a good risk management.3. Risk control: the third part of risk management is controlling the risk by estimating the risk or reducing the impact. For instance, in this game use of insurance that indemnify immediately a comet hits which led to damages. the insurance in the game which i have subscribe for automatically pay back cover the percent your insurance covers.4. Risk assumption: the final part of risk management is self-insurance which is a strategy or plan to meet adverse effect of risk. For instance in this game the creation of ponds, upgrading it and raising of the building above ground level. In the game, the roles of risk management is it preparation against comet by creating ponds, upgrading the ponds, raising the building with certain degree level above the ground level and subscribing for insurance. Also, helps in preventing the comet effect from having impact on the building which leads to destruction of the ponds. The obstacles facing risk management are as follows: Lack of adequate research. Insufficient information about the comet. Lack of sufficient funds upfront to build instant provision to prevent the coming comets. Lack of insurance participation in the building of the prevention resources. Lack of financial institution that renders credit and loan services.Risk management brings about preparation for future occurrence which helps to prevent damages on the building and give way to continue development rather than repairs. If i had an opportunity to play the game once more, i will be more realistic, building more foundation, reduce my over confident, improve my short memory, never underestimate any of the coming risk, never procrastinate and never make preparation short term view. I make some changes in my strategies which prevent destruction on my building and ponds. The following are the knowledge i gathered from my attempt on the game. I realize that There is a level of degree the building can be raise in each level and also the level of protection needed to prevent the comet about to hit from causing damages. That insurance needs to be purchase in order to be indemnify if any damage occurs More pond is needed The pond needed to be upgraded always immediately fund is available. That the ponds needs to be linked to prevent floodsBuilding disaster resilience is tasking but will enhance the quality of development framework by providing an evidence basis of action to ensure poverty reduction progress due to damage caused. In conclusion, the major component of risk management is coping. It includes all actions that include risk but which is a great opportunity or a natural disaster.Upgrading the building as soon as possible and building of ponds prevent destruction.