8242844

Firstly, the game was very useful to get to know how to use all the risk management tools and, at the same time, get to develop a city. You had to choose between the trade-off of spending the money in building and improving the houses or in risk management (purchasing risk insurance, getting knowledge of the meteorites or getting prepared). However, once you have been playing for some time you realize that is not a real trade-off, because when you invest money in risk management, you develop faster and so you get more money to invest in improving the city. Moreover, when you prepare the city against the meteorites, it develops more intensively and you get more money. However, it does not get results at first, but when you have been preparing for a while. I guess the game works as in real life: when you prepare, the consequences of the impact are less or they do not exist, when you purchase insurance you get reinbursed for some of the losses so you do not have to pay for all the costs of the reconstruction and when you get knowledge of the problem you can prepare better or decrease the chances of an impact. After playing the game for some time, I realized that one of the most important things was preparation. Infact, I discovered that although it was costly, you earned money while you were preparing, so It paid off. Sometimes in real life you get that, preparation makes countries develop faster.What I would improve about the game would be the following: you have the information of the probability of impact and the damage it was going to do from the beginning. But that is not realistic, the information should appear after you had invested some money in the research of the information of the meteorite. I live in Washington, D.C., here, when it snows, the government and the companies shut down so that people do not get stuck in the snow. Something like that could be added to the game, for example, when you feel that the impact of a meteorite is going to be very hard you would evacuate the city, with a very expensive cost but with no damages. To sum up, the game was very illustrating of what risk management is in a developing country. You faced at the same time the costs of developing and risk management. 