8242723

The role of risk management in this game was three fold. It firstly involved the pursuit of opportunity. This was done in the form of building and upgrading the pods on the planet. Secondly, it involved preparing for risks by acquiring knowledge about the comets, purchasing insurance and increasing the level of protection. Lastly, it showed how to cope with the effects of risks by repairing the damaged pods and receiving the benefits of attaining knowledge, purchasing insurance and ensuring protection. It gives a great insight into the process of risk management and its components. And gives players practice in risk management. The challenge in this game was to attain a balance. This refers to the balance between knowledge, protection and insurance. The time constraint sometimes limited the amount of knowledge that could have been obtained and if sufficient knowledge was obtained, it limited the amount of time available to allocate resources sufficiently between insurance and protection. The budgetary constraint resulted in a trade-off between protection and the pursuit of opportunity by the upgrading and building of pods. However, by preparing for risk, the effects of the comets were significantly reduced which made coping with its effects easier. By increasing protection, the percentage of damage caused decreased and by purchasing insurance, the amount of money needed to repair the pods was lower.
If I do attempt to play the game again, I would spend more time and money upgrading and purchasing pods. I believe the amount of time I spent preparing for risk sometimes hindered my pursuit of opportunity. Seeing that pursuing opportunity and coping are the definition of risk management, my strategy faltered in that area.  However, many lessons were learnt from this game. Firstly, it is good to pursue opportunity as long as you are well prepared for the risks that may be faced. Also, in preparing for risks, there must be a good balance between knowledge (understanding the severity and possibility of the comet hitting), insurance (attaining help to cushion the damage done to the pods) and protection (raising the level of the ground to lessen the effect of the wave caused by the comets) in order to cope with the effects of the risks faced. Knowledge must be the first element to be obtained. After this is done, the decision to allocate resources (those resources being time and money) would be done more efficiently between protection and insurance.  
If I was given the task of changing one thing to this game, I would include a risk return trade off. That is, I would show that in order to achieve a high return, one makes themselves vulnerable to a higher level of risk. This is evident in many countries particularly through the financial system. In my country, Trinidad and Tobago, oil and gas is our major source of GDP. The oil and gas sector is a very volatile and risky sector given that oil and gas prices are volatile. However, it produces very large returns which provide the main source of income for my country. Therefore to add to this game, I would give the option of building conservative, moderate or aggressive pods. The conservative pods would be cheaper to build, give a very small return (very small increases to development bar) and cause less damaging comets to attack. Whereas, the aggressive pods would give a very large return (large increase to development bar), be more expensive to build and cause more damaging comets to attack. Conservative pods would lie in the middle. Thus, players will be more aware of the challenges faced in pursuing opportunity.