8242807

The Risk Horizon game appeared to be very simple until I started
to get in to it after a couple of minutes. The game required a heightened
sense of control and analysis, especially when it came to analysing the various
risks involved and how to manage them. The role of the game was to see how one
would analyse risk, evaluate and prioritise the protection and coping factors
given in the game. It tested my limits to see how best I could evaluate and
assess the risks I was faced with. The game involved some sort of
strategy to see how best one would implement the appropriate measures within the
given time frame. After playing the first level, more knowledge was gained and
emphasis was placed on the severity of the risks involved.  Trade-off's I made included not setting
up all the pods, but rather trying to get the existing pods upgraded every
chance I got. I realised upgrading was the key to success, also,
notwithstanding; obtaining the insurance and topping up the protection. The preparation
for risk immediately aided me financially to purchase/upgrade the pods and
it also aided with the time constraint, and I soon realised that upgrading the infrastructure
is what really got you ahead in terms of progress and development. I also
realised upgrading existing pods, was slightly more important than just setting
up new pods in large numbers, and not upgrading them. I maintained medium to high protection at all times while choosing a suitable insurance package. I also concluded that after some time my risk
analysis skills improved due to practice. This would be due to the
knowledge of the game after several levels. With knowledge and strategy, I was able to progress through the game. I realise the purpose of the
game was also to perform under time constraints, while assessing and dealing
with risk thrown at me. I ended up playing the game more than once; therefore I
was able to move faster with regard to networking the community when disaster
struck, also analysing the severity factor and prioritising how I dealt with threats.
The main thing I learnt from the game is coping, multi-tasking and effective risk
analysis while maintaining financial stability. If I were to add one thing to
this game, I would put in an option where there are other alternative contingency
measures to mitigate the damage when hit. 