824343

This game shows a real world problem, risk that our planet faces every day.  Moreover, it simulates any risky situation we face personally and as society. Playing it, we can observe many aspects of risk and risk management which are not all always obvious and easy to see in real world. Still, it helps us to make strategies which can be used in real world when it comes to risk management. By playing few times we can improve strategy and see which trade-off are better than others. During the game, I tried on the beginning to research all meteors equally which showed up as bad strategy, because I didn't have enough time to develop, neither to bring the plate up. So, I had to trade-off knowledge with protection. Also, I had to think when to spend money on development, protection or insurance. It's hard on the beginning to realize how to manage limited resources in the best way. Moreover, it was not always visible how short-term and long-term preparation projects will influence risk protection and development. However, playing this game, I concluded that both of them are important for successful development and protection and if we use only one of them, we can get into trouble. Even though investing in protection instead only on development looked as wasting money on the beginning, it actually helped a lot on long-term because it prevented destruction and very big losses.Since I played the game more times, I leaned how to manage my resources: money and time much better than on the beginning. Firstly, I realized that meteors are more dangerous if they have higher severity than higher chance of hit, therefore, I spent more time to research those meteors with higher severity. Also, I realized that on the beginning is very important to invest in protection at least a bit, because with cut surface and therefore improved protection, I didn't have to spend that many time to researching, neither I had to spend that much money on insurance or repairing after the meteor crashes. Still, I had to learn how to balance spending money on protection and development and therefore make the most out of money I had. That was probably the hardest task. On the higher levels, number of meteors increased and it was harder to manage them, especially because they were really unpredictable. Moreover, they lowered protection faster, so it was very important to have good beginning and high level of protection in that moment.The only thing I miss in the game are people or some representation of them. Firstly, they are important resource we need to manage in real life situation and maybe the hardest resource to manage. On the other side, in the risk situations people are victims whom you need to evacuate/protect. Besides, it's very hard to train and educate people about risks, so big amount of money should go there. Also, it's hard to motivate all of the people to respect and follow protection rules in risk situations.