8244087

The
game is a very interesting representation of what decision-makers face in a
risky world. There are several factors to be considered on the way of risk-proofed development that is the ultimate goal of the game:

Economic growth;Exposure to any kind of risks (here represented
by meteors with different characteristics);Knowledge of risks which is obtained through
research;Level of risk protection;Cost-effectiveness of different insurance coverage;And other systemic constraints like limited
financial resources and time.Each
of these elements appears to be interconnected and often part of trade-off
decisions that have been becoming clearer the more I played the game (I have
played 4 times). Below I offer some reflections over the trade-off
relationships that I faced and the resulting lessons learnt:

Protection
Vs Investment in economic growth and time: protecting from risks is
important, but also very expensive. It is advisable to balance the level of
protection to the actual value of the assets in place. For instance, the first
time I played I started to build flood protection as much as I could, even if
the level of development of the settlement was not very high. I lost because
investing in protection drained my funds for economic development. Furthermore,
building protection can be too slow to avoid a series of forecasted disasters,
and other measures like insurance or research are also required.Insurance
Vs Protection: a way to reduce the investment in protection and free up
crucial money for economic development is insurance. In fact, insurance may
limit the coping cost of a disaster for often a much cheaper price and no time
compared to building protection. The more I was playing, the more I realised
that I was unlikely to always have the right amount of protection and facing
potential disasters with or without insurance could have made the difference
between growing fast enough or not.Knowledge
Vs Protection and investment in economic growth and time: the more I was playing the
more I understood the importance of knowledge to face risks. Research has been
my key of success by allowing to better understanding the likelihood and
potential magnitude of a risk, and most of all by providing precious time to
build community connections that were transforming into temporary protection.
Nevertheless, the clear trade-off in conducting research was that you could not
at the same build protection or inspect the city for building to be
improved/developed. Moreover, research is lengthy and sometimes may simply be
too slow.Consequently,
my winning strategy required the following: a) I developed my town gradually in
order to save resources for risk management; b) I tried to keep a medium-high
level of protection to provide me with good basic defences; c) I investigated
meteors as much as possible (though prioritising them) which usually gave me
enough extra protection not to face damage; d) I bought an adequate level of
insurance coverage according to the likelihood of being damaged.

In conclusion, I really enjoyed the game and I
felt it very well reflected actual trade-offs concerning risk management in
developing countries. The only improvements I would suggest is about research.
As it is, research is free, but it has a high opportunity cost as while you are
observing a comet you cannot perform any other action. This is not very
realistic in my opinion as RD can be expensive, while it is not mutually
exclusive to build protection or develop the economy. Therefore, I would make
research to have a price and be perform similarly to the way buildings are
built, i.e. by clicking and waiting.