8246881

I tried to play on Risk Horizon game for 6 - 7 times, but I still did not understand completely how to play it, how to use the tools, and tricks to win the game. The first 3 tries actually all I did were trying out how to work the game since the tutorial reading was not clear to me, but again, I never play any computer games, so this is very new to me. Aside from the game though, I learned more regarding the risk management, and how identifying risk, facing risk, study the risk, and preparing for the risk, can potentially giving the opportunity to reap bigger profit. One thing it strucked me on one of the video lectures that mentioning the tendency of people that 'easily forgetting' the risk when disasters do not happen for sometimes. It almost giving the presumption that it will never happen again. I actually ran into several people who own some business that terminated their insurances just after couple of good years, just to save money from insurance premium. This proves how easily people forgetting about risk when it's in fact still there, in exchange of small amount of saving.Another thing I learn from this week is how important it is to try to build safety net through the community.  Often community is willing to work together for the benefit of all, but sometimes what we need is just a few people who are willing to start it, and willing to run it. The ideal situation will be if those people are part of the community and have enough knowledge to organize it. After all, it does not need to be complicated and simple agreement will do. Trustworthy among members and the desire for every members to be successful are the keys.One of the obstacle I know that often faced by small business owners especially in developing countries are the high interest of loan. For example after the effort to get knowledge and study of risk management, and ready to  get a new tools, then how can get the capital to buy it? Borrowing money from the local bank, not only the interest so high, they cannot even get approved. A lot of time, their option are limited to family or private sector who give higher interest, thus making the risk even bigger to loose the investment. This fact shows how important it is for every business owners to build some type of organization for safety net or for the needs of resources. I actually know some homeowners in Indonesia that getting extra capital from the local group who together putting the money together, each of the member put same amount of money, and every month randomly select the member's name who would be able to use that total amount of money as capital for their business. Some member who has the need to get access sooner than other member actually is given a chance to bit lower amount of the money each of the member has to pay, in order for that person to win the bid. In this case, that member will get less total amount due to the bidding, but that can be seen as an early interest that being paid up front. Sooner or later every member will have their chance to the access of the money, and the last member though seems they have to wait and loose the 'value of the time', but  they will get the full amount as it was decided from the beginning and will save the money by giving the lower bid to the early bidders. This is a traditional way of getting capital from the local community that actually works good in certain area whose members are trustworthy and caring for each other without any type of forms nor complicated bureaucracy.