8246712

Reflection from the Risk Horizon Game



During
the game, risk management had a central
role because I had to combine the capacity to prepare for risk with the
ability to cope with the consequences.

 The preparation phase included the
combination of three actions: 

-         
Gaining knowledge by looking out into the space
and learning the chance of the comets hitting and the severity of the collision,

-         
Ensuring protection against the waves,

-         
Obtaining insurance.

However,
among them, I gave priority to knowledge
and protection. I consider knowledge as a central element of every activity
and devoting some time to it helped me to accumulate more time to create
community connections. Concerning protection, it allowed me to sufficiently protect
the pods and reduce the negative outcomes. Consequently I preferred to put
aside insurance, also in consideration of the limited amount of resources.Concerning the coping phase, I focused on assessing
the new situation and give priority to repair the pods because I knew that my
task was to develop the community as much as possible.The preparation for risk affected
development because every decision related with building and upgrading pods
had to take into account the actions required by a proper risk management.
Resources and time devoted to risk management had to be weighed with a
continuous and balanced effort towards the upgrade of the pods and, basically,
an increase of the rate of development.

I played the game more than once and,
after the first time, I improved my
capacity of balancing the actions required by preparation and coping. A
lesson learned consists in the fact that a good preparation for risk had
important implications on coping. In particular, a good protection against the
waves involved minor damages and costs to repair the pods.

 If I
was allowed to develop a new version of the game to better represent the risk
management choices, I would give more
importance and weight to the research, in order to better stress the
advantages of the research towards a better knowledge. 

 In
conclusion, the game gave me the chance to touch, in a practical way, the difficulties related to the choice of the
best mix of actions in risk management, in presence of a limited amount of
time and resources. The reality could certainly be more complex, but the game
provided an excellent simulation and taught me a good method to deal with the
different aspects related with risk management.

 

 

 