8254237

The game showed us various aspects of risk management, the majority of them being assessing the magnitude of a risk, preparing to minimize the impact of a risk situation and to prepare for future situations keeping in mind the past experience. Basically, the game helps us to go through the fundamentals of risk management, which, if done effectively, could certainly lead to better opportunities and greater development.It is also important to know that development cannot take place at the cost of preparedness. A community, or any part of society has to take care of the risk involved while addressing a development issue.In the game, insurance was vital in case of post-damage situation, since it considerably reduced the burden when it came to redevelopment. But it has to be kept in mind that insuring at the cost of development, i.e. eating up essential resources to insure against threats is not viable towards achieving development targets. Knowledge is essential to minimize the risk involved by preparing better for the risky situation. Knowledge gained from past experiences, and ability to determine the threat involved goes a long way towards ensuring safety and stability. Without sufficient know how of the situation at hand only worsens the scenario, since even small threats could turn into huge risk situations.Protection is a vital part of risk and development equation, since sufficient protection insures the damage is minimized in case of a risk, and the impact is nullified if possible. Proper protection can promote safety, prosperity and development. I realised that using too many resources for protection and insurance hindered research and development, but at the same time, not having enough protection was detrimental to any kind of progress made as it had a certain negative impact due to the exaggeration of the problem at hand, without sufficient protection.I played the game twice, and during the second time round I realised that development takes place with proper safety and protection involved. Only development and little protection could prove counter productive. Also, the research done into avoiding the risk was more successful with sufficient protection in place. With proper risk management, development could last longer and the damage was minimized. During the second time round, my focus was on protection and aggressive development to compliment the research being done. It was important to beef up my defence before I could go for more development of the pods.If I was tasked with development of a new version of the game, I would like to have a system/power which predicts the possibility of risks, rather than only researching and getting the communities together during the time of a risk situation. Even with all the protection in place, the damage caused could be reduced drastically if proper prediction could be done. This way, the people would know whether to increase the protection level, or go ahead with more development if the chance and severity of a damage is low. Damages occurring in such a situation could be a potentially low risk situation which could promote more development, albeit, with proper insurance to cover up the damages at low costs.In short, it is essential to have an insurance cover to protect against possible damages, but at the same time, being over protective could prove to be counter productive. Whereas, having a high protection level could go a long way towards ensuring that development lasts over time, with proper research regarding every risk being done simultaneously to minimize damages.