8255456

1.     
Risk Management
was at the core of the game, which requested to find a balance between
development and risk management, i.e. protection, insurance and research
(knowledge) with limited resources. Here, the risk was negative, in the form of
comets prone to hit a planet, hampering its development. 

There were choices and trade-offs to make in terms of:

a.      
Financial resources:
they could be spent on development (building/ upgrading/ fixing after a shock),
on protection (with several levels) and/ or on insurance (with three different
levels and premiums). Monitoring the comets (research-knowledge) allowed both assessing
the risk and taking subsequent action (insurance and protection), and to win some
time for building links between communities should the shock happen.

b.     
Time: the time
could be spent on development, protection and/ or research (knowledge); or,
after the shock, on building links between communities with the time “won”
through research.

Preparation affected development because it required time and financial resources
both immediately and after some time. The immediate impact was negative - e.g.
through the choice to make to spend time and resources on building or on monitoring
or protecting. The impact after some time was positive, as the resources spent
on insurance, protection and research allowed mitigating the impact of the
shocks.

The coping aspect was also represented after the shocks, through the
possibility of building links between communities and the obligation to fix the
damage, which costed more time and money, delaying the use of these resources
for further development and protection.

 

2.     
After playing
several times, I became more familiar and comfortable with the game and its
functions, and I played more quickly and more easily. For example, after one or
two trials, I got quicker in building links between communities after a shock. 

The lessons I learnt are the following:

a.      
Training/ rehearsals/
simulations are central to shock preparation (contingency planning) – that’s
the only way to learn, be quicker and more effective;

b.     
Rapidity of
response is essential to mitigate the impact of a shock.

 

3.     
If I was to
develop a new version of the game, the single change I would bring is allowing
to spend time simultaneously on research and on development (as they are
different areas of work); but, in my version, research would cost money – while
in the current version, research only costs time and cannot be implemented
simultaneously with development work. 

However, I would
keep the current situation that does not allow building and protecting at the
same time, forcing to make choices both in terms of financial resources and time
spent.