8257136

1. Risk management was a huge part of the game (obviously). Though I constantly had to make choices between knowledge, protection, and insurance, I found that overall, a balanced approach was the most successful one. Generally, I found I made it the farthest in the game when I had some insurance, some level of protection, and lots of research for the more threatening comets - putting money and time into each along the way. I also found myself focusing more time on research and then not having enough time immediately before the comet hit to protect Alora (although I had the money to do so).  Preparation for risk was essential for development - although I also found it was possible to be over-prepared and not meet the development goals by the end of the game.2. I played the game multiple times - each time getting one level further than the next. The main things I learned from the game were:(a) To develop all buildings at the same rate (rather than one at once) and to do so as soon as I had the money so that I could increase the available resources more quickly.(b) To research the comets whenever possible as a cost-effective way to manage the risk by allowing more time to create community connections if the comet did hit. Researching the comets was also valuable because it allowed me to know what, if any, other actions I should take and to what degree I should take them (i.e. how much insurance to buy, how much protection to build) to ensure that my buildings were either not destroyed or quickly and cheaply repaired.(c) Not preparing adequately for one devastating comet could mean the end of the game. 3. I would change the cost of research (knowledge) to more adequately represent the reality of risk management in the United States. Though the game did a good job of capturing how long research can take, it could be improved by accounting for how costly research can be. Beyond the costs, there is also a huge level of uncertainty about the actual validity of that knowledge regarding any specific risk. For instance, in the United States, there are still a number of people who do not believe that climate change is "real." As a result, people may be resistant to spending the time or money on research concerning the risks of climate changes and/or resistant to acknowledging scientific knowledge about the risks of climate change.