8257945

The aim of risk management (not only in the
game) is that of supporting development (and ensuring the financial
sustainability of long-term investments). It is not a free lunch and entails therefore
several trade-offs. For example, preparation for risk affects the economy in both
the short (costs faced) and the long term (reduction in damage cost). 

Trade-offs are always difficult to address and
choices about them also depend on the preferences and biases of the individual
playing at the decision maker. Although you are called to balance actions to
master the game, I could notice specific personal preferences about, e.g., risk
aversion vis à vis development (I chose more than ones to protect what I had created
at the expenses of development). In any case, more than in a trade-off
perspective (substitutes), I tended to approach to knowledge, protection, and
insurance as if they were complements, therefore mixing them “optimally” to get
the best risk-development scenario. 

In the game, I believe that, preferences
towards protection, knowledge, and insurance have been also affected by opportunity
to restart the game. The belief that you can improve your performance by
learning on the job, and that you have a second chance if you mistake, makes
you feel more confident when you play and might reduce your risk aversion, therefore
increasing your willingness to push development forward. Additionally, after
the first time where you acknowledge being unbalanced (e.g., focusing more on
insurance, rather than protection or knowledge), you then make more and more
effort to try finding the equilibrium amongst your decision variables.

If I had to reformulate the game I would
perhaps connect a bit more the concept of research with innovation, also
attaching it an explicit cost (the more you research the more it costs). This
better represents research related trade-offs, especially in developed
countries. I would also include a communication and dissemination aspect, to
represent somehow the difficult dialog amongst different stakeholders and
agents. 

What I found interesting in the game is that the
more you develop, the more valuable are the assets you need to protect, and, in
principle, the higher is the cost for protection. In turn, when the society has
a good level of development, it normally benefits from a fair protection level,
also envisaging some insurance schemes. As a result, impact intensity and damage
cost can be reduced. This framework depicts a situation of virtuous cycle
ensuring sustainability (financial, environmental, social) in time.  