8257695

In the game, the task is to create a new civilization and provide them a sustainable living standard with reasonable development.  Meanwhile, I should encounter with the incident of falling meteors or comets. In order to facilitate development, I must envisage the threat on the horizon, get some information about it, assess the precautions and the options of insurance. As a result, designing the balance between the tools,  which are not capable of performing the development by themselves, will render the power to continue. Because of my careless actions, I had to play the game more than once. At the first time, I did not care about the research of the comets as it should be, so  I confronted destructive damages on the island and wasted my budget to fix the pods. It substantially affected the rate of development and made me a loser at the level of 2. Secondly, I started from the begining with a different plan which is relied on a better insurance policy and have given a chance to evade from disaster with a less casualty. During the process, I realized that I invest my money to create a better future, but I also gave up  the opportunity of protection and rapid rate of development. This is one of the trade-off which I faced up to. In the next turn, I decided to make more investment for research thereby I could protect myself without costing too much and gain some extra protection by courtesy of community communication. However, it does not work by itself. Because, I should have raised the island to the upright position before trying to use communication.But I did not do that on time and failed again. In my last trial  which I achieved to reach the level of 5,  I attempted something different. To be honest, it is not an unusual method. I have applied the sequence of the risk management tools step by step. Beginning with observation freed up me. While the comet was coming up to the ground, I had measurements to save my town, so I adjusted the position of its altitude according to the data which is equal to the severity rate of the meteor. After that, I made reasonable amount of investment for insurance in order to keep development on the line. As you can imagine, I would also need to money to upgrade the pods. Moreover, I used community communication wisely and kept the altitude at an average rank after every shock. So, it made me stabilize the situation by less loss. Even if I got damaged from the hit of comets, I used my insurance to recover swiftly. Eventually, I know maybe I did not work like a charm, but thanks to my decisions civilization survived and supply the development till the level 5.Finally, If I was in charge of designing a new version of the game and it gives me a chance to add one straightforward inset to it, I would definitely originate a consul like in ancient Rome which will give you some advice according to circumstances. I thought about this addition, because I have learnt from the course that it is really hard to confront all the obstacles alone. When you share the risk with others, you could overcome more easily. Thanks for all of you who have efforts to compose that unrivalled learning chance.  