8258788

 I began the Risk
Horizon game with some trepidation. I wasn’t sure what to expect: did not know whether
I would win or not. In fact, I didn’t win in my first attempt. But, I was
determined not fail. Thus, after several trials I eventually won the Level 4 mark.
The game, as elaborated below, taught me (and reinforced) several important
lessons, including the value of perseverance, diligence, strategic thinking and
commitment to communal progress and development.

The first key lesson I drew from the game was that risk
management is not easy. It is complex and imbued in uncertainty but with
perseverance and timely access to resources one can achieve a decent level of
preparation against human and natural hazards. As a result, one can be able to prevent
and cope with the various negative challenges that may be thrown at them as
well as be able to fruitfully take advantage of opportunities that may emerge. 

Secondly, playing the game made me appreciate that perceived
uncertainty has many dimensions including the difficulties in appreciating: (a)
the nature of risk (state uncertainty) – in our case the dynamic nature of the
risks (including their likelihood) that comets might visit upon our communities; (b) the
responses actors may take in relation to the risk at hand (response
uncertainty) – e.g., not knowing all the options available to the
actors/players, what action(s) to (not) take, and their efficacy; and,  (c) the outcomes of the impact of the risks (effect uncertainty) - in our case the severity of the comet “attack”
and it implications for development (see e.g., Milliken, 1987).

Thirdly, although I “intellectually” knew that the key objective
of the game was to attain progress by managing risk (i.e., by preparing for
risk and coping plus taking advantage of opportunities) I found myself
primarily preoccupied by the “safety-first” mentality at the risk of not
recognizing emerging opportunities that I could have capitalized on to win a
higher level of the game. It was only after I got comfortable with the game that
I began to think more strategically than in my previous attempts. I modified my
strategies by focusing on more research, an eye on severity and likelihood of
the impacts and speedy responses. Balance was key!

Fourthly, I could not believe how engaging the game turned
out to be even though I knew very well that the game was a simplified version
of reality and that I was deliberately suspending my disbelief. Kudos to the
game designers! In arguably, there are still some areas that could be refined.
For instance, I found the game to be too individualistic. For instance, having
to bear the fate of the whole community by myself felt a bit overwhelming. There
were times I felt the need to consult someone in the community on what “we
could do” rather than “what I could do”! Moreover, the constraint that I could
only undertake one action at a time seemed too tight. For example, why could I
not conduct research at the same time also do other things!?  It is
against such a backdrop that the one thing I could add to improve the game
would be the addition of some component to the game whereby the player has the
option to consult members of his/her community rather than being the sole
determinant or decision maker.

In conclusion, I enjoyed the game
and highly recommend it.

Reference:

Milliken, Frances. 1987. “Three Types of Perceived Uncertainty about
the Environment: State, Effect, and Response Uncertainty”.  Academy of Management Review 12(1):
133-143.