8259578

REFLECTIONS FROM THE RISK HORIZON GAME

 

First of all, risk management is all about gain. Risk is a
burden but also an opportunity If we can use it properly to get a better life.
Risk management can be a powerful instrument for development as we learn in
this helpful course. To pursue opportunity, as we are decision makers must
confront risk. There are pros and cons by taking action. We need to balance
this equation for our land's welfare. Planned systems are required for healthy
development. In this game, risk management is a tool to protect a land you are
responsible for and at the same time try to develop your land with
opportunities you can have... I faced with some difficulties to make decisions
about them by undertaking some duties which are balancing protection and
development of my land, deciding level of protection according to
possibilities, research and measurement, deciding quantity of insurance,
getting myself ready according to time limitation and so on. By increasing
protection, I am sacrificing from investing money to build new Plot. This means
I should balance trade-offs between development opportunities and defense of my
land. By increasing insurance, I am sacrificing from investing money to build
new Plot. This means I should balance trade-offs between development
opportunities and insuring my land for potential risk (also deciding proportion
of insurance). Knowledge is reaching information about severity, chance of
potential risk and researches are made to decline possible risk. This means I
should use knowledge for upcoming problems via balancing trade-offs are related
with deciding cautions according to information table we can easily see in the
game. If you are a risk manager you will face some obvious and not predictable
obstacles to solve concept of problem. You cannot ignore these difficulties. If
you are good at getting correct information, everything will be easier. You can
take your guard according to possibilities. The quick cautions affect
development by making it speed down for example. Preparations against obstacles
trouble you because of you have limited time too. In this game you must reach
your purposes on time. But these preparations are necessary otherwise
conclusions can be more destructive. In the short run, getting ready against
some risk can seem somehow costly and difficult. However, in the long run we
observe that we are going to be better off. For this game more importantly, we
should tackle protection and insurance on the topic of development. They have
more pros than cons. If you do not adjust your insurance and protection rate,
you will be definitely a loser in terms of your goals. When I played this game for second time I was more experienced
than for first one for sure. I had better balancing my equipment and tools in favor
of my purposes. I did not spend my all money to investment because previously I
had some bad troubles against my land. I learnt necessity of using insurance. I
learnt need to not hurry for unplanned development. I noticed the importance of
knowledge. I observed importance of statistical knowledge. I was shocked with
how I did not value to research previously in favor of my prospective fortunes.

 If
I got a duty to make changes on game, I would change the structure of the game
as converting it to more realistic one. Actually I did not like its style too.
I could have increased or decreased quantity of money more realistically. I
would have diversified the insurance opportunities and quantities. Risk should
not have been thought just as natural disasters too.I
mean it’s more realistic by getting complicated.  