8262529

1) In the game risk management as it was taught to us in the
Risk and Opportunity MOOC has set an acceptable level of risk of comet strike for
the world of Alora, and then controlled and sought to mitigate that risk. That
way the world of Alora could have been protected and has still been able to develop
irrespective of the various comet strikes. A risk management approach that
identifies, assesses, manages and controls potential events may play the role
of a “guideline” for decision-makers, not only in the simplified word of Alora.

I was overly cautious in avoiding risks and have tended to
adjust my decisions "just to be on the safe side." Therefore I have spent
too many resources on protection, insurance and research and wasn’t able to reach
my goal in time. By increasing the amount of protection and buying insurance I have
used resources that have been missing when buying development actions. Without
these actions the quantity of my incoming resources has stayed on a low level. Doing
research has taken away time I could have spent doing other actions. For that
reason preparation for risk has affected development negatively both short term
as well as long term.

2) My emotion has biased my more balanced judgment. If I
were to play the game again I would stick to my mitigation strategy as determined
at the beginning. In addition, I would take more risk in order to have more
development.

It's not possible to avoid all high-risk situations (comet flybys),
so we need a strategy to handle the risk events (comet strikes) should they occur. Preparation and recovery efforts are important
for the persistence of a country or an organization but they also decrease development.
The main thing I learned from the game is that it‘s all about balancing. The
challenge is to be prepared for all possible risks in a way that allows us to take
advantage of development opportunities.

3) In the game the result of my decision is assumed not to
depend on the actions of other decision-makers. For example, in real life lots of highly
upgraded “pods” are not generating resources if there is nobody who wants to
life or work in because of a nonexistent protection against comets strikes. Since
the development and the success of my organization depend on what others do, my
decision depends on what others do. In my opinion this aspect should also be illustrated
in the game.