8262425

Risk
Management is something societies have to think about continuously. The main
lesson I learned in the game was that I had to make decisions concerning the trade-offs
of risk management while I was trying at the same time to develop the water
supplies in my planet. Because this is what happens in the real world: Villages,
cities and entire countries have to take care of the threats against their
prosperity while also trying to develop a greater quality of life. 

I took the
tutorial and then played the game for half an hour without passing through the
second level. In the beginning, I hadn’t understood how to increase the research
points and I was having very little time to build the connections between my
pods after the collisions. When I read again the instructions, I was able to
invest more time researching so I could have more time (and knowledge) to build
the connections that could minimize the negative effects that the comets
brought. So I noticed that I could invest time watching the comets develop into
more or less considerable threats, and in the meantime I could plan where I was
going to invest next.

I also
realized that I didn’t need to buy insurance as long as my protection was at
least matched with the severity of the event. In the first attempts where I
tried to protect my pods with insurance I lost money when the collision didn’t occur
and that money could have helped in developing my pods or increasing my
protection. But the most important thing was protection because I was able to
minimize the damages suffered after the collisions just by rising the village accordingly
with the severity of the event.

One curious
–and very instructive- thing about the game happened with a comet with a very
low probability of hitting the planet. I researched its characteristics and confirmed
I had the protection needed against its severity and decided to focus in
upgrading my pods. I checked one last time the comet's characteristics before it
would disappear and then I continued with the development of my village, and I
was very surprised when the comet did collide! I had the protection needed and
the research made was able to give me enough time to make the connections but I
didn’t react quickly and my village was damaged I think 7%. This showed me that
even when a threat has a low chance of happening, we have to be paying
attention when it’s approaching in order to perform as effectively as possible.


If I had to
upgrade this version of the game, I would include one extra factor that we have
learned in the course: the obstacles against effective risk management. An
obstacle could be cultural, bureaucratic or a contradiction of incentives,
maybe consisting about rivalry with a neighbor village or government
interference, and trying then to deal against the threat of the comets, the
development of the village and also the obstacles against us. But overall, this
was a very helpful experience.