8263356

Risk management in the game was about deciding whether you should try to insure against the inevitability of some damage or try to avoid some damage all together. this decision is helped by researching the risk. by researching I found some risks which seemed certain initially turned out to be nothing major and some others that at first glance were a small chance or of small impact, turned out to be a much higher risk. by doing that research it gives you time to make connections which help with coping with the aftermath. I only played through once, if I were to do it again I would spend less on insurance and more on building up the base. With the research done it provided enough of a benefit that much of the impact was minimised even when disaster did strike. I found that I spent too much on insurance when with better infrastructure I could have avoided more of the losses altogether. I think balance is important though, you can not rely on a single method of risk management. You can not avoid all damage, you can not insure against all losses. you can not plan for every event or outcome. by balancing the three areas you can minimise the exposure to risks. avoiding some risk, insuring the risk that is much more likely to occur and planning with how to cope with the damage afterwards. I learnt that it is very important to research what the risks you face are because without that research you think you have only a small risk so not bother trying to avoid the risk or getting insurance, but also you may perceive something as a large risk and want to buy insurance but then by doing some research you find out that much of that risk is easily avoided so the research has saved you some money.If I was to change one thing about the game it would be to add more options for insurance. Much of the risk avoidance where I live can only be enacted by the government so the main option for the individual is insurance. What risks the people want to protect themselves from and what risks they are willing to accept themselves is an important decision and many do not fully understand what risks they are facing. Once some research is done it would give them a chance to make more meaningful decisions about the risks they face.