8267670

The role of risk management in the game involved a balancing act of knowledge, protection, and development. There were many trade-offs in terms of which investments to make and when. Initially, I invested in pricey insurance plans in order to pursue rapid development. Once I was able to form a community, I relied less on insurance and invested more in knowledge through development upgrades. I observed that preparation for risk had a cumulative effect on development. Building protection took time and money away from development. Maintaining a baseline level of protection had a long-lasting effect since it took less time time and money for further build up as needed. I played the game multiple times, which simulated risk management in and of itself. The first time I played the game without reading the instructions. I managed to achieve level 2 with high insurance plans and rapid development. I realized that I needed to acquire knowledge if I wanted to surpass to higher levels. In subsequent games, I learned the value of community in the aftermath of a disaster and was able to achieve level 4. I was able to secure herd immunity to protect the community and minimize damage, even without insurance. I believe this is an important lesson to learn, especially as it is applied to real-life scenarios. Risk management is not just at the level of policy-makers or implementing sound structures and systems. All stakeholders, including the community, have a role in risk management which must be defined and acted on.I live in a developing country and have learned that choices made in the face of risk management are not always black and white. Context matters when it comes to prioritization, and even then it can be a gray area. For example, there are fishing communities in Kenya and Uganda that are rife with poverty and disease. Women who are born into unfavorable circumstances (i.e. widowed or main partner is no longer a source of income) have begun selling their bodies to the fisherman in exchange for fish to later sell in the markets. In this case, the women and their families are caught in a paradoxical situation in which they can either suffer in poverty or wager health risks to secure a steady income. These situations reflect structural economics, which would be a great addition to the game. 