8267652

The game.

In my opinion, the
role of risk management in this game was to find optimal balance between expenses
on insurance together with levelling off the ground and the expenses on construction.
The importance of getting knowledge quickly cannot be underestimated in this
game, too. Therefore, one must have a very good reaction when they
have to obtain knowledge very fast, having been concentrated on managing risks
just a moment ago! In these days, many
people prefer to have a good insurance policy. It has many benefits and helps
reduce losses to a minimum in case of a disaster. However, in this game, expenditures
on good insurance may result in the lack of resources for growth and the game
ends. In addition, there is not a 100% loss coverage which is bad for real life
but good for training, leaving you with some uncertainty for developing your ability to pay attention to other components of risk
management. Conversely, another
people can be more concentrated on development, leaving a decent risk
management behind. A central reason for their belief if that progressing with
construction is what makes you win the game. However, this will result in excessive expenditures
on repairs, which is bad for making progress when the resources are spent on
repairs rather than on new buildings. Making several tries,
I used different strategies in the way I constructed the buildings and I
discovered that it would be wise to make all ‘basic’ hovels from the start. The
reason for this is when a hit strikes, the cost of repairs for basic hovels is
less than that for costly buildings. Looking at the
approaching meteors, I was deciding which action to take. For the ones with low
hit probability, I sometimes opted for doing nothing, being concentrated on
constructing or repairing the damaged properties, when, alternately, for major threats approaching, I went to
buy insurance (with not less than 50% coverage). In
addition, for the most dangerous ones, I selected to rise the ground level, too. There should be maintained an optimal balance when the bar on the left
is always green. Preparation is critical in the face of big threats
when small ones can be neglected. Therefore, one can save some money dealing
with small risks, when larger ones require more attention and costly preparation.A good reaction to
get knowledge after the strike hits helps a lot, too. As it has been mentioned, I played the game several
times in order to find optimal trade-offs between the expenses on insurance and
on construction. However, I discovered that I was more inclined to insurance
than to development (as I said here above) which made me harder to progress. At first, I did really well reaching the level 3 and thought the game was easy
but I lost it in the level 4. In the following round, I tried to obtain
excellent insurance protection but it did not buy me the victory. I lost level 2.
Further, I tried building a ‘money cushion’ but could go beyond level 2. 



































The game was marvelous
and I liked it a lot. As a suggestion for improvement. I
would make meteors of different sizes, which should not however, reflect the
risk they bring. Smaller meteors should be made more dangerous than larger
ones. This game’s feature could tackle the ‘impaired’ behavioral patterns when
people are, at times, overly confident in the face of a threat which they think
is small but which is big in fact. This feature could bring over the idea that
the risk must be examined more in detail before taking decision on the way of
acting.