8269436

Question
1

There
is a role for Risk Management in the Game because I took Risk with the
Possibility of Loss, which advance me when I Win and retard me when I Lose and
I also utilized Opportunity with Possibility of Gain, which advance me when I
Win and retard me when I Lose. Thus the Balance between Research to gain
information on Severity of Hit and Chance of Hit; the Purchase of Insurance and
the Building of Protection, all of which have Costs, is Key to whether the
Risks I take or the Opportunities I pursue take me from One Level to another in
the Game or not.

The
more Protection and Research I do to prepare for Risk, the less Development I
can do, hence need for Balance mentioned above.

Question
2

If
I played the Game only once, what I did differently each time I played again,
was to Change my Balance mix. This Action kept getting different Results with
different Score and Comment. Surprisingly the same Score sometimes got
different Comments which should not be the case. Regretfully, I did not Score high
to take me past fail Level 2 5Circles first time and won Level 1 third time after some technical improvement which solved some problems and
created new problems.

I
guess my poor performance is due more to technical problems in my case with the
Game and Speed of Internet Connection and less with my Balancing Skills. I should
have got up to Level 4 at the very least, if unhindered by the Technical
Problems that faced many Participants with different degree of severity but
apparently did not face those able to reach Level 6 given their testimony,
although I admit these are most likely expert Computer Game Players. I submit
that the Game as is tested Computer Game Playing Skills and NOT Risk Management
Skills as I sometimes Wonder what effect taking Insurance had since High or Low
Insurance had same effect on my Scores.

Earlier answered question of playing the Game more than once. 

The
main things I learn from the Game are that Insurance and Protection that are adequate to level of severity of hit / chance of hit predicted
from Evidence of Research can help avoid / reduce damage to Development;
that the more I allow Research Evidence to Influence my Actio /Policy
including building Capacity to continuously improve Balance between Severity of
Hit and Chance of Hit on one hand and buying Insurance, buying Protection and
Building Connections on the other hand; the Better Development Results –
increase in Levels I should attain. I didn't experience this fully, in reality
due more to technical problems and less to my own Balance Competencies failings / failure to improve on these Competencies. This is the Unfair Grading of
this Game that I have consistently urged the Faculty to look into.

Question
3

I
would convert the Game into real life experience of specific Risk Management
Theme set out in WDR 2014 Report – Natural Disasters; Price Shocks; Employment
Shocks; Health Shocks; Personal and Property Crime; Family and Legal Disputes. For
this Natural Disaster Version of the Game using the Bangladesh Experience and ensure that those who Play the Game build Capacity that equip them to better respond to real life Natural
Disaster Risk Management Situation. The suggested change will
contribute more towards Participants in future WDR 2014 MOOC building through
the new Game Improved Risk Management Competencies. My view is that WDR Team
Intention to build Improved Risk Management Competencies is NOT achieve in this
version of the Game.



