8273890

I found a key aspect of the game was how I was able to balance everything that I had available for me to undertake the development; from the wealth available to build up, to research and also insurance. Part of the balance was about timing. For example, I found I had to stop the research for some time to give me a chance to build up on the pods once I realized that I had enough wealth or where based on the research, I was able to make a choice when to continue building on the protection.

I played the game more than once. Each time I learnt more about how I was making my choices and how they were influencing the outcome. For example, I realized that giving more time to research added more value and enabled me to not only know what meteor might hit but also see when to spend more time building protection. I also realized that sometimes I neglected or did not consider purchasing insurance but found out difference it made when I did actually get hit.  Having paid for insurance meant I paid less to repair my pods and did not lose too much value on the pods.

In terms of a change that I would make; instead of the meteors hitting, I would have the lack of health care plans or health insurance as the possible hit. A good number of those living in my country Kenya do no have health insurance plans. This remains a major risk in the event that there is sudden illness and treatment has to be paid out of pocket. Often it eats into savings that was meant for other areas such as education, buying property or another investment. In a worse scenario, a good number do not have any savings in the first place. This often leaves many in debt or having to spend a good portion of time figuring how to raise the money to cover for treatment.  The reason most do not have a health insurance plan in the first place or are not able to save up for emergencies that would cover for illness, is situations where they do not have sufficient money (no extra money to spare for saving) or are not able to plan the little income or revenue they get to put aside a small amount or on the other hand have not considered or given priority to the possibility that illness could occur.
