8275853


The
risk horizon game provided a window into the reality of risk
management process whereby access to the instruments such as
insurance, protection and research into the comets to know the
severity, prediction of the hits could be obtained in order to prepare
for disaster risk management. As I progressed it became more delicate
and dangers became imminent hence, I was able to make sure my
insurance coverage on investments was upgraded at the highest amount.





The
role of risk management is the importance of coordination, foresight
planning by keeping an eye on the comets and the use of the
instruments with alacrity to help overcome the effects of the hits on
the pods. The trade-offs I confronted in terms of knowledge,
protection and insurance was the ability to decide the best among my
priorities, that is, pods building/update, insurance update (with the
knowledge that failure to insure more expensively spells doom and
higher redevelopment cost. This is coupled with the need to monitor
the falling comets which kept coming more frequently. Preparation
for risk management affected development positively immediately via
use of after-shock community connections to raise protection level
and more significantly after some time as I was able to see the
results of the preparation and work I put in.



I
played the game more than once, each stage was a learning process,
even though I failed at level 5 but was unaware and unable to write
the code. What I did differently after the first time was to build
upon my investments and put in more efforts to update insurance,
raise protection investments, monitor the comets and keep the focus
going on as the game progressed faster and more demanding. The main
things I learned from the game was need to keep updates on the
comets, raise protection, apply after-shock community connections,
improve investments on insurance and keep up with the momentum and
reality of the eventuality of hits.



If
I am tasked with developing a new version of the game one simple
thing I would propose to better represent the risk management choices
that matter in the place I live is the importance of insurance and
updating them at each development phase, as this is not only a
payment meant for unforeseen circumstances but also an investment
which you can likened to a re-development or transformation of a
town's into a modern-day metropolitan city.