8275864

The role of risk management in Risk
Horizon is to prepare for the risk of  comets
hit. In this game, I tried to balance between the risk preparation and healthy
development. 

At first, I built and upgraded my
pods, so the development bar increased. Then I purchased an insurance plan, the
most expensive one, so my pods got the best protection for the rest of the
round. When I saw comets come, then I checked the “chance of hit” of those comets.
I only checked on the “severity” and “chance” of hit meter for a second and I
closed the box so I only did a few (only increased one bar) of research. I made
a mistake by focused on “protection” only, that’s why I failed  at Level 3. In my opinion (based on this game),
insurance can affect development immediately, while researches (which contain
community connections)  affect after some
time.

If I have a time and chance to play
this game more than once, first thing I will obviously do is to try the
tutorial and learn the features of this game before I play. I will keep the
balance between the risk preparation and the development. I will build the pods
and then purchase the best insurance, so my pods will be quicker and cheaper to
rebuild after the damaged from flooding. If a comet comes, then I will check at
the “chance of hit” and “severity” bar. If the bars show that the chance of hit
is high, then I will do the research, so after that I can build the community
connections. This community connections can help me to boost the protection.
But if the comet has a low chance of hit, I will do research until the bar
increase 1-2 bar(s), then I will upgrade my pods to increase the development. If
the development increase faster, then I will try to high the island rises and
the number of luminated blocks in the meter. 

The lesson learned after I play this
game is that the main point of risk management is balancing the development
with protecting, insurance, knowledge  and community development.

If I have a chance to develop a new
version of this game, I will change the community development. When I played
this game, the community connections occur after the disaster come. But in
Indonesia, the country where I live, the risk management isn’t getting better,
because of the financial constraints, behavioral biases, lack information, and
deep uncertainty. So to minimize the loss, the community development should be
done before, during and after the disaster. Because people need to learn how to
translate the knowledge (researches) into action.

This review is far away from
perfection, so I would really happy to receive the correction. Sorry for the
grammar.

