8277277

The game included active Risk Management implementation
where we had to focus on pod development in Alora while keeping an eye on the
damage that may be caused by the frequently falling comets in the area.We had
to manage our resources in a way so as to maximize development and minimize
damage. I prioritized by allocating money majorly to develop the pods. Alternately, I used the knowledge of
comets available through research to allocate available money to either
increase the Protection level or buy insurance based on the time and money left
before Alora was hit by a comet.

My first priority was to increase Alora’s Protection Level
up to a mark where the falling comets severity was lesser than the protection
level and hence no damage was caused.However, there were instances where I spent less money on
the research or I was short of money to increase the protection level up to the
desired level to avoid damage caused by the comets and hence to minimize the
effects I purchased insurance so that rebuild and relief work could be
completed without any hassles.

The knowledge base obtained through research helped plan and
progress the development hand to hand with risk preparation and coping once the
comet hit. This research proved to be the foundation for a resilient action
plan in case a comet hit Alora.Increasing the
protection level had both immediate and long term benefits when the shocks were
observed. The protection level not only helped avoid any damage due to the
falling comets but it also helped the community to save money for development
instead of rebuilding.Additionally, the effects of Insurance had long term effects
on development which helped making Alora a resilient world. The Insurance
helped prepare Alora for any after effects of the falling comets by providing
enough resources to rebuild and minimize the damage.

If I were to play the game again, I would spend a little
more on the Research consistently and keep enough resources at hand so as to
plan for the shocks and its effects more efficiently. I would have spent more
money on increasing the protection level to an extent where no disruption or
damage of any kind would have occurred on collisions with comets rather than
spending money on insurance and rebuilding the damaged pods. I would have tried
to reach a state of no damage and only prevention.

The main things I learnt from the game:

1.      
Prevention is better than cure.

2.      
Proper knowledge and access to information is
the first step to risk management.

3.      
Do not proceed on assumptions, instead keep yourself
updated and cross verify the facts consistently.

4.      
Every situation demands a different approach. So
one model is not enough. 

5.      
Risk Management is similar to evolution.
Situations keep changing. What might work in one scenario might fail in the
other.

6.      
Risk Management is the art of making the best of
what resources you have at your disposal.If I were to add one thing in the game to resemble the risks
faced in my nation I would like to introduce some scenarios that help manage
health related risks as well as employment related risks.These scenarios can be
added as incremental risks in the higher levels. For Example, the floods caused
by falling comets can cause disease and increase unemployment due to damage to
industry. So the game can introduce options where the pods can be used as
hospitals and clinics which can help us tackle both the problems i.e health
risks (by treating the patients) and unemployment (providing employment to
different people).

 

 