8277534

Game
ReflectionGame Code: JMKPBbE

 

The risk
horizon game is about how to manage risks effectively. From the game we can
learn how to mitigate risks we face and turn them into opportunities for us. In
the game three tools of managing risks effectively are used namely 1. Knowledge
2. Protection and 3. Insurance. The magnitude of the meteors hitting to create
shocks could be done through the research for the preparation of shocks
concerned. This provided ample information about the possible destruction that
could be caused by the meteors, this knowledge enabled us to build our pods
with robust designs that could bear the waves and this robust design indeed
could protect our pods from the shocks. The insurance that we got in the shape
of dollars from different institutions available in the game from 33 to 75
percent damages did help us to rebuild our pods. The game
tells us how to get insurance that is to save resources for the bad times and
how to effectively use them to get better results. For the minimum losses we
should save for the bad times or build community linkages to get help while for
severe damages to approach other institutions to manage risks.

Preparation
for the risk management can affect the process of development either positively
or negatively. When we are well prepared for a risk we can mitigate the losses
of a risk and when we are not well prepared we cannot lower the destruction
caused by a risk in the short or in the long terms. Our information about the
magnitude of destruction of meteors, our insurance mechanisms, and protection
strategies helped us a lot to build our pods and build linkages to create a
well developed community.

I did the
game thrice as first time I could not understand well, 2nd time I
learnt that by clicking on the meteor I can know about the meteors and their
actions and how to get saved from this risk, thirdly I used insurance mechanism
to recover from the loss and the full meter got green more than once and I
completed level 1 successfully. I learnt that knowledge is very important tool
to mitigate risks.

The area I
live in is one of the underdeveloped areas, the ratio of education is very low
and the resources are very meager; I would rather go for the knowledge tool of
the risk management to mitigate risks at our areas and I think it was one of
the main causes of lots of destruction at our area by floods in 2010 and 2012. 

Increased
Knowledge is very important component of Risk Management and increased
knowledge about the shocks prepares people well about the bad affects of shocks
and makes them resilient. Through protection people make different strategies
to bring reduction in the negative results of shocks and strive for the
opportunities. The insurance or different resources pooling mechanisms can
provide financial help to recover the losses caused by the risk.

All the
three tools of a risk management are interrelated and are very important to
manage and recover from a risk be it at any level like individual, community,
organization or country.

From the
game we deduct that before a risk we must have proper knowledge, could make
strategy to mitigate a risk and must have insurance mechanisms to lower the bad
affects of a risk, all the three tools if not available can become obstacles to
managing a risk.

 