8278668

Reflections from the Risk Horizon gameAs anyone continues to play this
game, the role played by risk management in the development of a country or
nation (Alora) is quite evident. Risk management is not only a tool for
survival or sustainability. It is rather a factor for development. 

Investing on research on
potential risk factors and the effects of them is one of the main ways of
enhancing the knowledge of authorities and also the general public (Community
of Alora). Research findings may helpful in in-advance preparations and collaboration
of different groups of communities before, in and after a disastrous situation.


Measures should be taken to
enhance the protection up to a certain level for avoiding adverse events that
are more likely or probable to happen. Based on the severity and probability of
hitting the level of investment on protection should be decided. Knowledge
gained in research may be very useful in determining the level of protection
that should be adopted.

Insurance is a measure that can
be adopted as an early action aiming at the recovery or rebuilding in the aftermath
of an adverse incident. Issuance should be a very well timed to get the full
benefit. In this case the right time should be when you have enough pods to
save and before dangerous comets hit Alora. 

Knowledge, Protection and Insurance
requires resources, time and commitment which basically a tradeoff experienced
in playing the game.

Main thing learned in this game
is the balance between risk management measures and development strategies. In
this game, if you are highly concentrated on developing pods without
considering the risk of comets, there is a huge risk for community of losing resources
unanimously invested in development. In contrast, if you only concentrate on
protection when the comet is arising in the horizon, after the incident you
have start building the pods right from the beginning or utilize all insurance
funds on it.

Therefore when I play the game, I
would to take necessary protective action based on the research, insure the
property well in advance and continue on upgrading the pods even though a comet
is seen over the horizon. Development options would differ based on the type of
the comet. I would rather upgrade the pods than building new ones if I see a hi.gh
risk comet over the horizon

If I am to develop this game
further I will put up an option to use the traditional knowledge and experience
to reduce the time and resources used in research. This will save resources and
time for upgrading pods in the presence of a low risk comet and for the enhancement
of protection in the case of a high risk comet. I would also add a score for
the knowledge and experience gained after each incident. 

Further I would add a score for
the unutilized insurance investment and embed an option to use those funds in
the final phase to increase the growth rate of development (rate of achievement
in the game)when the deadlines seems difficult to achieve.