8279380

1.      
A function of risk management is to organize and
carry out a plan to control or reduce the risks. Risk is defined as the
probability of an event and its consequences. Risk management is the practice
of using processes, methods and tools for managing these risks.Risk management
focuses on identifying what could go wrong, evaluating which risks should be
dealt with and implementing strategies to deal with those risks. 

The role of risk management in the game was
regarding time management, to identification of risk, prediction of the
severity of impact of the meterors, and find a good way to develop the pods.
Some additional attention has to be done, especially regarding the money that
we had, and time to develop pod and prepare the damages. The possibility of
meteor to hit is also has to think, as it can make some damage. 

In terms of knowledge (researches),
protection and insurance, I prefer to do some protection, base on the
researches. But I have to again, think about how much money that I have.

Preparation for risk affect development has
to start since the beginning.

 

1.      
At the next play, I usually try to think about
when to purchase insurance, and the development of pods. The main things I
learned was that we have to prepare and take some insurance as the risk can
come every time. The other think is,  that  in
the assessment process, it is critical to make the best educated decisions in
order to properly prioritize the implementation of the risk management plan. Even a short-term
positive improvement can have long-term negative impacts , risk assessment
should produce such information for the management of the organization that the
primary risks are easy to understand and that the risk management decisions may
be prioritized. As conclusion, I think that for risk management, there are some
steps to do. These steps are, first, to recognize and appraise the risk. For this
game is the possibility of meteor hit. Second, is to estimate the probability
of loss due to the risk, while in this game is to do researches. Third, is to think
the plan to protection, and finally is to implement a plan to carry out the
selected method.

 

2.      
If I can have some change, I will try to higher
the insurance and also researches.And I think, for the beginner, we can give
additional time, if the player can predict the risk in earlier time.