8279565

The role of risk management in the game was to learn in a practical way how to prepare against negative shocks in this case comets,by means of allocating knowledge characteristics of each comet,protection which is ground level and insurance meaning resources of rebuild broken pods,all this done in a balanced way and given an initial amount of financial resources,while at the same time being able to foster development,that is to say,making pods evolve over time. If a comet did hit the ground,another goal was to learn how to cope with its effects by recovering from loss using the same elements. Some of the trade-offs I had to face were,for instance,giving up a higher insurance coverage in exchange for more protection and more resources to build new pods,or having to build less in order to be able to afford their insurances when they evolved since they became more expensive. Go as a consequence of these trade-offs,this led me to make some choices which had to do with reaching a balance between the deployment of knowledge,insurance and protection,thus making sure these elements were obstacles . Development was affected by preparation for risk in times when severe comets with high chance of hit come closer to the ground ,thus forcing me to spend great amounts of financial resources on preparation which did not allow me to achieve a continuos development. However,this was an effective decision since costs of preparation ended up being lower than costs of coping. After playing the game several times, I learned that the finest way to manage risk while encouraging development is by identifying the resources the resources you have and how they may help you to mitigate risk,making an even and moderate use of them,implementing development actions gradually but strongly,thinking strategically and learning from experience to become more resilient every time towards the effects of risk. In contrast to this game was to focus right straight into development without taking enough time to analyze how to manage preparation so that development would not be hindered. Finally, if I were to change  something about this game, I would add more types of risk,both idiosyncratic and systemic,such as crime,diseases,financial crisis,etc. The possibility of establishing different forms of institutions in order to overcome risk obstacles like banks,enterprises and hospitals. Multiplayer game mode so as to simulate different actors,private and public and their incentives. And behavioral obstacles such as overconfidence and short memory.