8279491

The Risk Horizon game was an interesting use of animation to educate me on the imperatives of Risk Management.The management of the risk of a meteorite strike averted damages and
prevented development setbacks. The risk management involves gaining knowledge,
protection and insurance thus minimizing the coping after the shock and allows
the community to recover quickly. 

The trade-off was to progress to the next level by reaching the required
amount of wealth while at the same time protecting the pods and gaining
sufficient knowledge and insurance to reduce the coping after the shock.
Another trade-off was building of new pods versus the upgrade of existing pods
since investing in an existing pod was more expensive. However, it provided
better protection and therefore mitigates the risk of the shock more
effectively.

Preparation for risk affects development immediately in terms of financing
to gain insurance, conduct protection measures and to obtain information to reduce
uncertainty in order to understand the possible outcome of the shock. However,
the benefits from risk management for development, only come into affect after
the shock occurs which can be very far in the future. That is why investing in
risk management in the first place although the risk seems to appear far in the
future may not provide an incentive and impacts decision-making to invest in
risk management. 




















I played the game twice and the second time I concentrated more on gaining
knowledge and protection rather than building many pods. I realized that
upgrading the buildings (stronger structure) mitigates the risk more
effectively than building many pods with a weak foundation, as they are
vulnerable in case of a shock. 

I learned that only the interaction of knowledge, protection and insurance
mitigated the risk most efficiently. For me, the obstacles were to invest in
expensive insurance and protection rather than building more pods in order to
earn wealth. However, as stated above the investment in protection and
insurance paid off over the time. 




















I would change the time constraint on the investigation of the shock. In my
eyes, the biggest obstacle would be money, which you need to investigate the
nature of the shock due to utilization of technology and consulting experts. Of
course, a time constraint plays a role as well, however two seconds to investigate
the shock doesn´t imply a good risk management but good coordination skills
which is not required to conduct risk management in this game. 





