8281302

1 What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?1.1The role of risk management in the game Risk Horizon is to ensure wealth growth while decrease the impact of the comet hits.1.2 Choices I made: a. Always tried to set the alarm 1~2 degrees higher than the comet research showed, so that I can survive from hits.b. Keep building and upgrading my pods during the whole process to ensure I have enough money to pass the level.c. Chose to buy insurance when more comets appeared.1.3 Trade-offsa. Raising the alarm cost time and money, I would usually stop researching the comets to save time to raise the alarm.b. If the process-bar was green and there was not much time left, I would stop upgrading my pods to prevent spending more money.c. If the coming comet was highly risky, and my alarm level was much lower than it should be, I would choose to buy an insurance rather than raise the alarm.1.4 Preparation for risk affect developmenta. ImmediatelyResearching is a time-cost work, but it can help us to identify the accurate risk level of a comet. If the level goes higher while researching, it's time to pull up the alarm bar.b. After some timeHaving an insurance ahead of being hit my a highly risky comet is very helping to save wealth.2If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?2.1 I tried 3 times to pass level 4. After 2 times loss, I start to pay more attention on my wealth. Even I had pulled my alarm at the highest level and successfully confronted lots of comets threats, I HAD TO gain enough wealth to pass the level. 2.2 Learneda. If I can't get myself pass the level, any prevention is useless. In the same way, If a government can't make the economy grow, the society won't be stable and the state is at risk. That's why Japanese government chose a risky fiscal policy, and challenge Chinese government on The Diaoyu islands/The Senkaku Islands islands.b. Risk management is important, it can avoid loss and prevent damage.3.The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?3.1 There should be an accurate goal on Development Meter. Yellow or orange can't show how much wealth indeed I should keep pursuing. 3.2 In Shanghai, China, people concern the haze pollution the most. These days, the air is heavily polluted again, PM2.5 index often rises above 150. After reading Chapter 1 of Risk and management WDR2014, I start to figure it out, that first things first, governments, communities and citizens should confront this serious problem, cuz haze not only damage people's health, but also slow down China's prosperity. Acquiring knowledge of how haze was formed, and how to get rid of it is the key to solve this problem. Then the next step is to use the knowledge and technology to cope the problem, to reverse the situation while people get the insurance to keep their life less infected.