8282242

Risk Horizon Game

To start with: I am not a person who normally play
computer games. I grew up before Nintendo was invented!  But I have to admit that after being forced by
you to play the Risk Game, I got captured and spent a few hours, maybe longer
than the game merits. Unfortunately despite my best efforts, I never reached
more than level 2. Clearly I am not a very strategic risk taker. I also found
the game slow to respond but maybe that is part of real life? Or is my internet
connection here in Tanzania not fast enough? 

Role of risk management: I found getting the balance right
between building pods and generating revenue, researching and estimating
possible impacts and buying protection and insurance cover, is a big challenge.
All of the activities do each make sense but time and resources are clearly
limited. I just decided to have a fixed insurance cover but did not spent much
time on building protection as it was time consuming. I did not really make
much use of the research time spent on the meteorites. I could not establish a
strong correlation between the predicted expected severity and likelihood of
impact, the fact if the meteorite would really hit earth planet and the actual
damage in % to the property after the strike. And what was the effect of
community protection???? The insurance facility worked very well. In case of
damage the repair seemed cheap and quick. I never got the chance or time to
experiment with the levels of insurance and simply went for 50%. No good
justification though. 

I had several attempts at the game in my efforts to increase
my level scores, I found out that I needed to focus on rebuilding and expanding
as a priority instead of building more protection and watching the stars. I
also found it difficult to closely watch the wealth meter and the time clock
and I run out several times. Probably not unlike the real world. I also had
problems to balance the time spent on protection and watching the skies instead
of getting on with developing more pods. I never had the chance to look into
the differences between increasing number of pods or expanding existing ones.
What does deliver better income and is there a different level of risk? 

Possible changes in the game: This risk game only
focusses on material losses. However, in the real world the biggest problem
might be human lives. That would bring in a complete new dimension. This might
spoil this game but it would be much closer to reality.  

 