8283216

Reflexion from The Risk Horizon Game

The role of risk management in this game was prepared the Word
of Alora for risk of the meteors and the possible damage that theses could do.

In addition, I could understand  that this game implies the process of risk
management, because I had to get preparation for impact of the meteors. So first,
I had to get knowledge from the meteors, I had to know what was its severity, and
depends of that I took the proper protection paying some money for pressing and
holding the slider for raising the island and avoid the waves. In some cases, I
had to get an insurance because I did not have sufficient resources for paying protection,
in that way I pay one part of the damaged, and the other was covered by the
insurance. Finally just once I was hit by the waves so I had to cope the damage
and repair the pods paying some money. 

I had to play this game several
times, because at the beginning I did not take the proper protección so when
the meteors hit me, the damage was large even though I had insurance, so I did
not have enough time to repair the pods as a result I could not achieve the goal
on the development bar.  So next time I
had to take protection from the beginning according to the severity of the
meteors, so in that way I have enough time to get the appropieate protection.  About obstacles, I had problems with the amount of money available, because sometimes I had to wait for some minutes to get money and develop or repair the community of Alora, and due to the fact that each level have limited, in some cases I did not pass that level. 

Finally whith this game I could
notice that risk management is cost-effective, because paying up front-cost of
risk management (preparation) I could avoid damaged, and I could get that the
risk did not materialize and this is a benefit.

I would like to add something to
this game, that is to add the time that the meteor takes to hit  the Word of Alora Because in that way,
peolple will know how much time thet need to get the proper protection.