8283853

Reflections from the "Risk Horizon" Game
While
the Business Strategy game provided an opportunity to evolve a
strategy for risk management based on the "Trade offs" / "Economy" based
on the understanding of ratio, proportion, greatest common
calamities, and least common utilities for development of a
settlement based on the three pillars of development: Insurance,
Protection, Insurance, Research,  it was pretty interesting
perceive later as to what actually went on through the head while
making up risk management plans.


It
would be nearly impossible to diagram every aspect of the game that
plays a role in development  risk management of this game. The case, which represents the beginning seemed to intricate in
appearance a distilled version of the elements and
interconnections that make up the development system along a bay area.


This
comes in the form of a Learning Barge, a knowledge pool that is meant
to educate about the by full access to information regarding their
actions can they change their goals. 


(i) Development
of the community has “numbers” as last on the list of leverage
points with which to change a system. These numbers include pods, levels, and parameters/indicators, which were exactly what we were
changing when playing the game. 



These
factors rarely have a significant impact on the system in the long
term and factors such as goals and paradigms of thought which need to
be changed in order that the flow of information seems to be crucial
to the system. Therefore, the specific strategy, would be to allow
for the self-organization and effective management of the systems,
which is the key leverage point, for professionals who'll direct
themselves in practice based on information flows rather than being
told what to do or following practices of the past that have led to
the poor results.

(ii) Sustainability
has become marketable by which one would be able to visualize the
role of the ultimate driver of development practices, which would
in-turn ensure  policy makers and regulators to draft laws that
support the initiatives underway in Risk Management. Delays
were one “leverage point that was brought up in the pods
development vs the comets strike. Another leverage point that I
occurred to my thought while playing the game was the flow of
information. I had very few decisions to make and as such had very
little insight as to what was going on with the other roles. I
imagine that this might be what it is actually like for a fisherman
or crabber.  They most likely have little information about how
the decisions of land developers or farmers affect their livelihood.
This makes it difficult to make decisions on how long to pot or to
dredge for or when to buy new equipment. During the game, I chose to
pot more than dredge for environmental reasons, but many would choose
to dredge more for more immediate profit without thinking of the
long-term effects. The thing I took away from this game is the
importance of the flow of information. There is little point to
thinking  as a system if the elements of the system only see
themselves in isolation.


However,
there is a reinforcing feedback loop, exist between the
amount of inputs and the ability of building the community a hypothetical but approximate estimation as to how  how long the accomplishment is necessary to contain increases the “Efficiency” and “Efficacy” of the efforts underway .  In the
game, I was playing the role of a "Pivot", and therefore focused
slightly more on evading detrimental effects based on my natural ability to "Protect" and therefore dredged for building pods. 