8283554

Not being a game person made me play the game several times
but with each game I improved my strategies. I began to understand the
principle of community connection through community development (pod building),
researching, protecting the community by providing some elevation and buying
insurance to enable quick repair of damage to community. This is similar with
real life cases, the first time a particular type of shock strikes the impacts
can be devastating but with repeat events and improved preparation, impacts are
better managed. Risk management is a ‘never a dull moment’ management
technique. To overcome damages, I (Luminator) had to be active researching,
protecting or enhancing insurance through building/repairing pods.

Playing the game I appreciated the important of preparing for
foreseeable shocks to limit damages. To overcome shocks a good balance of knowledge,
protection and insurance (including community connections) is necessary. 

Knowledge acquired through research helped me (Luminator)
make appropriate decision and implement necessary remediation plan - community protection
and insurance (including community interaction). In contrast, acquiring all the
knowledge and not implementing necessary strategic actions amounts to nothing.

Protecting communities that have taken years of effort and
dedication to develop is unarguably essential. Since all shocks cannot be prevented,
I discovered that protection goes a long way to limit impacts and an extra
protection goes a longer way. Additional protection deals with the deep
uncertainties associated with disasters. With adequate protection, damages are
less, repairs easier and opportunities for prosperity possible. 

Insurance takes care of property restoration and removes
pressure on property owners (in real life situation). In the game, the
importance of insurance for development was played out. Without insurance,
reconstruction of pods become difficult - takes a longer time.

Economic empowerment and financial resource is importance for
effective risk management. As played out in the game, without sufficient
financial resources pods cannot be built, insurance cannot be purchased and
repairs cannot be made. Since community cohesion an important form of insurance
can only be achieved through developing communities (building pods), the need for
financial resource is inevitable. This is to say that the components of
adaptive capacity (risk management) require some measure of economic
capability.

Finally, the game instructions are not clear and
influence of added protection on the overall game performance is not sufficient.
Practically, protection goes a long way but this is not same for Alora
community. In making a change to the game, I will improve the influence
protection has on a Luminator developing Alora community and moving to the next
level of the game.