8284834



It is amazing study game! It
helps me understand risk management easy and deeply.

1.     
Role of risk management in the game:

Ø  Knowledge: looking at horizon and take care of
comet, which severity and probability to damage the community. More time we use
to take care of comet, more time we had to avoid damage to the community by
create connection. If comet has low severity and change of hit, we can omit it
and focus on building community.

Ø 
Protection: raise protection cost lots of money
but it save us from damage which cost more time and money or repair. It is the
most useful when community gets target and comet come to destroy.

Ø 
Insurance: a good tool to recruit after damage.
Sometime, we cannot protecting enough and many comet hit at the same time, the
community will damage. Insurance cost about 10% - 20% value of community but it
help reduce lots of money to repair.

Ø 
Coping: time and money is limit, therefore, we
must balance between update research, raise protection or build community, buy insurance.

2.     
My choice and trade-offs:

Ø 
Building community: I choose balance between
build more community with upgrade current community. Because upgrading cost much
money and waiting time, while build community cost time to upgrade, repair
damage and less time to focus on research.

Ø 
Research: I priority on this to get more time to
create connection if comet hit. This makes me not upgrade or building community
when it possible and sometime misses the target of community.

Ø 
Protection: I use more money on protection.
Because if protection fails, comet hit the community, it cost lots of time and
money to recruit. Especially if comet come when community get the target.

Ø 
Insurance: I’d like to use protection than
insurance. Because insurance only helpful if comet damage the community. And it
takes time to repair, cannot build money and miss community target.

3.     
Preparation for risk affects development immediately.

Ø 
CComet comes frequently and almost comet will
damage to community. If we spent less time on research comet or pay less money
to protection, comet will destroy community right after. We always preparation for
risk to keep community safe and development.

 

I played this game many time to win
4 levels and to discover my ability. It is attractive game to thinking. In the first
played, I try to build community as fast as possible and spent money to high
level insurance. I got to level 3. After that, I know the important of
protection, both spend money and time to research – time to create community connection
-. I can win 4 levels of game by build without insurance. Only protection can
save my development when comet hit community in latest seconds. We have much money
to repair but we have no time to get the target. It is the main thing I learned
from this game. Avoid damage is better than repairing.

 

My country is Ho Chi Minh, Viet
Nam. One of our problem is soft describe in Chapter 2, “Beyond the ideals: Obstacle
to risk management and ways to overcome them”, 96. Flooding affects us by
month, and in rain seasons same as the comet in risk management game. The
solution for flooding is building a good canal base on Nhieu Loc canal to drive
water out of population to river. Therefore, if I build risk management game
for my country, I change the way of protection to making canal to drive water
as fast as possible. Player must choice where to place canals and connection between
them.

 

