8285104

The
role of risk management in the game is to avert damages caused by comets and to
prevent development to set backs in the region.

In
this game there are elements we can control and they are pods built, insurance
expenses and protection purchase. In addition there are elements we cannot
control and they include the frequency of the comet, the chance of hit and the
severity of the comet.

 Before the comets threat appear I used all my resource
for building and upgrading and when the threat of comets appeared I prepare for
this risk by analyzing the knowledge I have according to the severity degree,
the chance of hit and the research that gives us the degree of certainty about
these information.

Therefore,
when the research gives us high probability of high severity with high chance
of hit that means high probability of larger damage I increase the protection
purchase to high level to minimize the damage caused and make it easier to repair.
However when the research gives us high probability of low severity and low
chance of hit that means a low probability of damage I use more resources in
upgrading than in protection 

In
addition when the research gives us high probability of low severity with high
chance of hit that means high probability of smaller damage so I purchase
insurances to repair this damage.  

 

As a
result, preparation for the risk affect development immediately because it alleviate
the losses and improve the benefits which lead to more building and upgrading.

When
I repeated the game I focused more on protection and the degree of severity of
the risk as I increase the protection to high level from the beginning of the
game when the severity is high.

I
learn from the game that knowledge about the risk determine the protection
level needed and mitigate the losses.

 Also use resources simultaneously on
protection and development and purchase insurances when the damage is not
large.

If
my task is to develop a new version of the game I will add the possibility of
updating knowledge by assessing the new situation after the risk of comets has
materialized and then implementing necessary and available responses in order
to cope. 

 

 