8285059

Playing such a
valuable game taught me a lot about risk management. Especially when making
decisions during the game trying to comply with the rule of balanced approach
led me to succeed.
The
role of risk management in the game was to take into consideration the
preparation, insurance and knowledge nuances in order to cope with challenges.
Without combining these it was completely impossible to pass even Level 1. They
were used as team players of a successful football team.  I specifically
tried to balance the choices in order to maximize managing risks effectively.
The more you try to preserve balanced attempts in terms of choosing insurance, research
and protection, the more efficient preparation state you establish in order to
avoid comet attacks.
If I
played the game once more I would do it in an interactive way. Because the game
needs much explanation in order to succeed in a short time. It took me at least
5 hours in order to reach 5th level. I wasted majority of the time to in order
to guess what even little nuances meant and what their effects brought about. I
understood that, the more I tried the levels even with different strategies, the
more successful results I might have. I learned much about doing much trial and
error in this game from technical perspective. As a result of this trial and
error and trading-off among choices resulted in passing Level 5. Even I missed
the chance of completing Level 6. But unfortunately I did not have enough money
in order to recover my pods as a result of comet hit, although I had insurance.
And as the comet was very fast even I was unable to make enough research in
order to alleviate further destructions. Generally, I tried first and foremost
to create more pods in order to increase the resilience and aftermath I tried
to upgrade the pods through the game. After this, I especially paid attention
to control the movements of comets, while keeping the level of protection no
less than 5th grade. On the other hand, I never forgot to have insurance for
strengthening my protection against outcomes of destructions. Because having no
insurance formerly impacted my performance throughout levels. When the comet hit,
for repairing the pods huge amount of money was needed and spending such amount
of money from the overall budget, which decreased the budget enormously,
prevented me to finish the level on time and progress to the next levels. All
in all, I tried to balance these choices out throughout the levels.
As for
adding or changing anything regarding to improve the game in the face of upgrading the quality of the game I would add more agents of society in order to share the
responsibilities against any possible adverse events and alleviate overall
outcomes together. Such as including government, public members, any
international organization, and any non-governmental organizations, either
local or international, would be more efficient in order to employ their
responsibilities in the possible risk events, both immediately and after some
time, in order to apply empirically the knowledge we have learnt from reading
materials and understand cognitively the real life responsibilities of these
members of society and try to use them in our daily life. Last
but not least, in my community I would add especially government as a crucial
agent in order to coordinate other agents as a team, such as private
organizations, insurance firms, non government organizations and people to have
better risk managing team which can cope with any possible events effectively,
especially crucial ones which threaten that community. 