8285148

                                                    The role of risk management in the game was to anticipate   the risk of shock by the comets. And, to try to minimize the damages by strategies like: making the infrastructures (pods( robust) by upgrading them, investing on research of aspects of severity and the chances of hit, and by community connection. Also, quick and cost effective recovery (resilience) aspect of risk management is included in the game by insurance purchasing feature.Furthermore, the game features trade offs among knowledge, protection and insurance. However, according to my understanding and experience in playing the game,  investing on knowledge and insurance had better results than spending money on protection. Moreover, the game emphasizes the effect of risk preparedness for development. The more prepared the infrastructure is, the more it will become  resilient and less money would be spent on repair work . Therefore, the development work could be continued within a short period of time.During playing the game I have noticed that risk management is a smart trade-off between investing on precautionary majors, such as, purchasing insurances and protection shields. And, if the player is negligent enough not to prepare the community for disaster, the cost of repair work is very costlyin financial terms and time wise. I have also learned that the time and money spent on disaster research is worth it, because a great deal of the effect of the disaster could be reduced. If I were to play the game again, I will build a certain number of pods and I would spend the rest of the money in upgrading them  and making them resilient to disaster. I will purchase an appropriate insurance and invest on research rather than spending on protection and reconstruction. Hence, damages will be limited and I will have more time for community connection.If I were to suggest on the improvement of the game, the first thing I would have added would be some environmental risks related to building the pods. I would have added some other risks, but I would have also increased the mitigating methods, for one I would add taxes such as environmental taxes so that at times of environmental crises it could alleviate the risk. On the other hand, I would introduce occupants in the infrastructures built, and comprise risks related to occupancy, for instance the risks of wear and tear. The trade-offs of mitigating the risks could be maximized by the same token.