8285775

The role of risk management
in this game was to avoid loss, i.e., the possibility of loss, by confronting
risk, preparing for it and coping with their effects (namely, by reconstructing
the pods). Preparation for risk, involved, according to the game, a combination
of actions to be taken in advance to the eventual materialization of
loss. Firstly, by gaining
knowledge about the comet, by looking out into space and learning the
probability of the comet hitting, the severity of the comet’s damages if a hit
is made and the time left before its impact. The existence of several comets at
the same time shows than even the resources allocated to knowledge must be
applied under a cost/potential-prevention-of-losses analysis. More knowledge
may also mean more protection if such knowledge widens the most efficient way
to deal with the materialization of the risk of loss. Secondly, preparation by acquiring
protection against the waves caused by impact, though some kind of barrier.
This protection reduces the probability and size of potential negative outcomes
resulting from the hit and subsequent waves produced. Protection can be the result of
infrastructure but also, as the game shows, of better knowledge of how to face
adverse circumstances. Moreover, if resources are transferred  to insurance one can
assume more risk, or build less protection in benefit of development measures. Thirdly, insurance helped
reducing the negative outcomes resulting from the hit, cushioning any losses
that protection could not prevent. As insurance transfers resources needed from
development, it is better to apply them after gaining information regarding the
real impact of a non-insured risk. Hence, more knowledge can save you resources in
the sense you can better assess your risk and transfer the adequate resources
to cover the excess risk regarding which you don’t have protection, and not
more.

The exercise also
entailed coping, which encompasses all actions taken after the hit of the
comet. It consists in deploying the knowledge, protection and insurance during
the preparation phase, as well as learning with the experience and use such
experience for better future risk management (next comet).

The resources provided by
the game are limited, so it was important to set priorities regarding the
development itself (construct and upgrade hubs) and the preparation for risk,
which also consumed resources. Hence, the main concern was to assess the
cost-effectiveness of preparing for risk with that of coping with loss, and the
impact of such loss in the development of Alora.

But risk management also
implies to take into consideration no only the competition for resources while
deciding between “growing” and a proper risk management strategy, and regarding
the latter, the allocation of resources to knowledge, preparation and
insurance, but also the synergies involving these three dimensions of the
preparation for risk.

 While playing, main concern was to assess the cost-effectiveness of preparing for risk
with that of coping with loss, and the impact of such loss in the development
of Alora. When I played again tried to have a more balanced allocation of
resources, i.e., a larger investment in rapid growth or development of Alora,
which gave me the resources to a better risk management. 

Finally, in what concerns changes in the game, I would insert
in the game a multistakeholder
analysis of uncertain scenarios regarding the losses (which would be variable, existing
several types of buildings - ranging from basic infrastructures to more
developed ones - with different repair costs and with different “investment
return paces”) emerging from the hit of the comet. 

 

 