8286902

1.      
Risk management protected the investments made
in building the community. The choices were between spending on research, protection
and insurance, and spending on construction. Increased expenditure on research
helped with assessing better which type of protection and insurance was adequate, but
with diminishing returns. Protection becomes increasingly costly, the higher
the level of security required. To invest in very high levels of protection
makes only sense if both the likelihood and severity of the adverse shock is
high. The same applies to insurance. The insurance level should be sufficient
for being able to afford reconstruction, but total insurance is too costly. Preparation for risk helped to protect the growth of the development investments, as well as speed up and reduce the cost of recovery, i.e. build resilience.

2.      
My strategy worked. I tried to balance
investment in development with commensurate levels of investment in risk
management.  I may have slightly
over-invested in protection and insurance, however I was lucky not to be
affected by a severe hit. So I don’t think I would reduce the risk management investment, if I
played the game again. Another aspect of the game was that it was important to keep some funding in reserve, in order to be able to react to new threats with higher likelihood or potential impact. Overall, learning whether one's own strategy was optimal would be easier, if it was possible to compare the own results with those of other players, and evaluate the data over time. At present, the only feedback about the strategy is whether one makes it to the next round or not. 

3.      
There are two ways I can imagine to upgrade the
game:  One is to add another source of
risk, with additional costs of risk management. Real-life choices are not only about balancing investment in growth with investment in risk management, but also about considering trade-offs in the costs of different types of risk and their management. Another way to add to the game would be to have the computer change the estimated likelihood
or impact of the comets unexpectedly. With many natural (e.g. volcano
eruptions) or politically induced shocks (e.g. escalation of civil unrest),
prediction is still difficult, and estimates are often incorrect. Living in
Afghanistan, one major risk is to be negatively affected by violence, a risk
which affects many other risk management choices (e.g. to which extent one can
safeguard against fiduciary risks in development projects, in areas of the country that are difficult to
access and monitor).