8286986

After
all the natural and/or unnatural disasters, reading the experiences is most
important and helpful issue. All catastrophes (earthquakes, mining accidents
etc.) gives a sign (for example radon concentrations in groundwater before
earthquake) before it occurs. It could have a period or not. The game says that
possibilities may be low or high but it doesn’t change it’s possibility to
“impossible”.  You may prevent from the
disaster and develop your planet but they are not enough if you focus only one
of them. Also the game shows their roles and importance by the simulated model.

 

I
played the game in four modes: only knowledge, only protection, only insurance
and all three balanced. As the result of four games, I saw that three of the
trade offs should use effectively and balanced. If one of them might be missing,
the results might be worse. If the knowledge might be missing, the incoming
become less than knowledge-used model. If the money used only for improve the
knowledge, developing improve faster but regresses very fast if any comet
crashes to the planet. It shows that only knowledge is not enough, also
protection is needed. But if the money might be used for only protection, the
planet could prevent from most of the crashes but it doesn’t help to improve
the development level.  It shows that protection
is not effective itself, it is effective with knowledge. The experience showed
that sometimes the good knowledge and protection levels are not enough to
prevent from all the effects of the disasters. The reconstruction and improving
the level of development before the disaster is not a cheap process. But it is
possible to decrease also this negative effect after a disaster: by insurance
plans. If you make an insurance plan before the disaster, it could be easier to
mitigate this costly step. Insurance plans are needed to cover part of the repair
costs.  

 

I
could add not only natural disaster, also unnatural disasters like nuclear
accidents or air pollution. There might be incentives who build factories
independently and I could control also their activities. It might closer to the
reality beside the natural disasters. For example in my country, in Turkey, the
number of the victims of natural disasters and unnatural accidents in the last
10 years are almost equal.