8286145

ANSWER1the role of risk management can be manefisted in 3 aspects in this game, first, the significance of  aquiring knowledge of risk, if you just bury your head in developing new pods, i guess you can hardly pass one level. second, even if  you  get enough knowledge for the risk, and take some preventative actions, in some cases, loss is still be inevtable. at this time,  you as individual is too vulnerabel to sustain. but you can keep sustaining with the help of  govenment and finance policy or social insurance.   third, after shock, if you can take corrective actions in time, your lost will be minimized and this can enhance your capability of resiliance.  In this game, in
the beginning, I only developed a few pods, and when the comets arise, I
research the severity and hit possibility to obtain enough knowledge against the
comets. If  the research result indicates
that the severity is high, I shall purchase an insurance. If not, I shall
continue to develop new pods. Only when the comets and the resultant flood
comes, I shall take the protection. Above all, with different levels of risks,
the priority for the knowledge, protect and insurance will be different. in this game, you can see the preparation will imediately affect the  development. if you do not update the pods level, if you do not research the comets, the losses and adverse influence will be much worse. and you failed to sustain to the second level of development. 
ANSWER2i think, the major different experiences when playing the game in the first time and the second time lie in, first,  in the second time, i did not take extra actions for the coming of comets with lower severity and lower hit possibility. second, i did not notice the effect of comets falling into the sea since i missed some game instrucions in the first time. in the second time, with the experience, i took protections immediately after the  comets falling down, so some losses was avoided. 

 4 things should be kept in mind from this game the most imortantly is that,  when developing the pods, you should keep
an eye on the possible risk, that is the comet hit. And taking measures on the
right time will be very important. When risks materialized, time will become a
rare resource.  You have to fight
against it. Because the more time you grasp and take corrective actions, the
less the loss will be.below are also some significant points,  first ,in some cases, risk and losses is inevitable, what you can do is to advert the losses. although the difficulty of quantifying the risk severity, the more we learnt from the past shocks, the stronger we shall be when confronting risk. second, it is not easy to balance between the developpment and the following risks. but this does not mean we can bury our head in developing without considering the risk. in this case, if the risk comes true,  the cost of remedies will be much higher than the cost of taking preventative or prevention actions. third, time wil be a treasure in the event of coping afterwards. the more time you grasp, the less the losses will be. however the truth is that, time is always not enough. so we shall do more work in the prevention process to win more time for the coping. 



ANSWER3For me, I ONLY passed the 1 first level. One
major reason is that my mouse could not respond enough quickly to correlate all
damaged pods in the given time. So I failed to take protection against the coming
flood. So if I could add something, I SHALL add other tools or resources which
can be used to avert the adverse effect. Here in the game, the only resource is
time and so it seems to be desperately valuable. 

 