8287116

In the game, the role of risk management is to mitigate the impact of comets collision on our assets and development via the tools of research, insurance and protection enforcement. The comet collision is a natural disaster which is the systematical risk. I have learnt that at first, when my wealth level is very low, every investment decision is very important under the constraint of money. And there's always opportunity cost of every action. Such that doing researches increase my knowledge about the comets and probability, enable precise timing for building needed construction if that's the first priority. However, doing research costs time which meanwhile could be used for more pods construction or renovation. Insurance and protection are the two possible tools to cope with that (un)expected disaster. Given that unexpected disaster causes more damage than expected disaster and precedent preventative actions. Indeed, that's a tradeoff among possible actions possibly taken when I'm poor. Though, the tradeoff is less significant when I'm rich as I can proceed all actions. Also, varifing pods location as much as possible in level 1 is a plus, increasingly research on risks in higher levels in following chain of actions with increasing level of protection and higher insurance premium.I have tried at least 5 times and the highest level was level 4 reached succesfully. Indeed, on the first time I didn't do any researches and insurances. The second time I bought insurance and conducted infrequently researches. The third time I harmoniously deployed researches option, insurances and protection options. When I equally spend money on risk preventation tools (protection and insurance deals) and development triggers (construction and upgradation), I could do much better.The more wealthy I am, the more fear I have. That's one possible reason for my commitment to more researches and prevention tools for effective risk management. The pods are my assets and everything I built is easily destroyable by comets collision which is somewhat mitigated by my possible actions. I become more responsible and participative, thoughtful. Considering the same game with me and another player, I am curious what the presence of a neighbor and his actions affect mine. That could be something nice to investigate on. Though it's not asked, I think of free-rider problem such that my neighbor diligently made researches therefore he might increase the protection level observable to me. Then I can think, without doing any researches, I can know that "oh, the next collision is coming soon'', I shared his fruit without his permission in the cost of no time lost. 