8288713

In Risk Horizon players must balance growth with risk
management and balance components of risk management. Protection was slow but
had the greatest benefit for minor comet strikes, sometimes resulting in
negligible impact. Knowledge not only helps players to manage risk better
through selecting more appropriate levels of insurance and protection, it also strengthens
community relationships and the community’s ability to manage risk and cope
with negative events. However, it was not always possible to match the level of
insurance to the level of risk. Overall, risk management resulted in less rapid
community growth while also lessening negative impacts and decreasing recovery
time which improved long term prospects for growth. Even with risk management,
if the mix of knowledge, protection and insurance wasn’t balanced, a comet
strike could result in significant damage and set back progress in the
community to the point that the community might not be able to recover within
the allotted time. 

In playing the game multiple times I was able to refine a
strategy for balancing knowledge, protection and insurance with growth that
would work most of the with minor adjustments for each level. However, at times
it seemed that the order of the comets had as much influence on the outcome as
the risk management strategy. When the forecasted risk of a comet differed from
the impact, near misses resulted in relief but also regret about other
activities that might have been undertaken if the forecast had been more
accurate. When a comet strike was worse than predicted risk management
mitigated some of the impact but not as much as would have been possible if the
forecast had been accurate. 

In a future version of the game I would like to see
the ability to work on more than one component of risk management at time,
perhaps through a scale that would allow the player to select the level of
effort for knowledge, protection and insurance. In addition, I would like to
see the ability to select different levels of insurance for pods and make
improvements while making repairs. Repairing structures after a disaster can
present opportunities to build back better. I also don’t think that failure at
a level should always result in returning to starting from scratch. Certainly
failure to manage risk can result in significant set backs including being
worse off than before starting but wouldn’t always return you to ground zero.