8288300

The game is about developing the world
of Alora in such a way that we balance its development, in terms of
infrastructure and its upgrades, and risk preparation, in terms of saving it
from the damage of falling comets. The player’s role is the Luminator of Alora
otherwise known as the one who strategizes in having continuous development at
the same time making the community resilient to disaster. We are given $1000 to
start with and it increases as the game progresses. However, there is a time
limit of 3 minutes and within the time frame we should be able to reach the
full development of that stage in order to progress to the next stage. We are
given the ability to research on the given risk (the comets), protect the
community (through raising the level of the island), and buy insurance for the
pods (which lessens the effect of destruction in the developing in the area).
All these have specific costs, may it be in terms of money or in terms of time
being spent.

The game Risk Horizon revolved around
the concept of risk in terms of disasters which highlighted the importance of
preparedness for disaster prone areas. It stressed the importance of prioritization
of an area which involves components of resources, development and safety. The
challenge was more on the decision making and setting priorities based on
the way risk is managed in order to balance the development and safety given
the limited resources of money and time. The game also introduced how knowledge
played a major role in setting the area’s protection and insurance.

I played the game 4 times in order to
get use to the mechanics yet I have not gotten pass level 3 (BTyxp7). I had a hard time balancing development and disaster risk reduction given the
time and resources. I put more effort in developing the community since
development of the community is the one that leads to moving into the next
level. At first I was putting more time and money on the rising of the island
since that is the only way for the community to be safe from the risk of the
comets. Continuous development is impossible with the threats of risk just
around the corner. However, as the game progresses I found that these risks could
be addressed when the community is equipped with the right tools and resources.

I found the game difficult since it only
had 1 player, the Luminator of Alora, to strategize for the whole community. I
guess it would be better to create a multi-player game which would include a
multi-perspective and collective approach in addressing risk. I see the
importance of risk being shared with different external components in order for
it to be easily managed. From another perspective, the game could also be
enhanced through having other players from within the community to act towards
the risk and be of help to the main single player strategizing in such a way a
grassroots approach is also visible. 