8288754

The
purpose of“ Building the world of Alora “ is to develop the community as the same
time protect Alora from comet hitting. Risk management plays an important role
in balancing Risk preparation and healthy development. The player need to use the
resource efectively to ensure the time to build pods in community, reseach the
chance of hitting of comets. From that, use the resource to buy insurance and
use the power of protection to protect Alora. At the first time, I will try to
build pods as quickly as I can, the research the situation of commet. If the
chances to hit Alora is high, I will spend resource to buy insurance and
protection to mitigate the effect of disasters or even no damages from hitting
events. With knowledge, protection and insurance, the first thing I will
consider is knowledge I have information and knowledge about the risk which
happen next. Severity and probabilty will help me to make the next decision. If
severity of comet hitting is high, I will buy insurance and protect my world
also. But if severity of comet is low, maybe I only buy insurance for it.
Prepartion for risk affect development happpen after some time, according to
me, will bring more postive results.

Experience
from playing a game will be gotten after many times to play the game, the
behavior of player will be also different. If I played the game only once, I will
pay more attention to balance my resoure for healthy development  and Risk preparation if I were to play it
again. Alternatively, if I played game more than one I will try to prioritize
my resource in many ways to find the best way comparing the first time I played.
The most important I learned from the game that is risk management require many
factors, you need to consider the resource you have, the affect of risk and
balance all resource for sustainable development. 

The
game captures in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management, if I were tasked
with development  the new version of the
game, I will think more about the impact of external change from the community,
public… in society do develop the world Alora as well as the matter in my place
I live more effectively. Risk management is so important to get the sustainable development when balancing the risk preparation and healthy development.

 

