8288899

Risk and Opportunity usually go abreast in all activities of
our life. Where and when you can find an opportunity, surely you are facing
with a (some) risk(s). We can imagine that, risk is cost and opportunity is the
benefit in the same activity or decision. Several ones, we don’t like to be
risked. However, no risk is only ideally. Therefore, anyway, we are living in
the risk-abundant society, we must accept risk together with opportunity by
trading-off risk as optimal solution for risk reduction or opportunity improvement.

This game has given a risk-reduced choice methodology with
some following learnt-lessons: 

When
we face with a hazard (for example: from comet), we shall evaluate risk level
we will tolerate then. The risk level is estimated by Severity and Probability
(Chance of hit). The countermeasures need to be applied to eliminate risk or
reduce risk level. In this game, we can buy insurance for properties (to share
the damage cost after incident) or adjust investment decision (to reduce damage
cost from incident).However,
any benefit from reducing risk damage leads to a cost, for example: insurance
cost, opportunity cost from investment / construction decreasing. Optimization
for our decision based on resource-balanced principle so that we get as much
benefit (value of wealth) as good. From
the game, we can see that the highest insurance cost (to get the highest
compensation after incident) is not the best solution. We should carefully
consider in property value, risk level (including both severity and probability
of risk) and available resource (money) to decide how we can buy insurance.Note
that repair cost after disaster from comet falling is also considered.
Somewhere, we have just repaired after the first disaster, they are broken
again by the next incidents. To reduce such a loss, we need to forecast what
will happen in the future.Be
careful with externalities which we may not properly forecast (for example:
whether comet fall and hit into our construction or not). This is very
important if risk management operated in the real context. The complicated situation
come form social, political, economical problems which can attack our project
and make a loss or reduce social wealth.Time
is also one of factors which can affect on benefit or cost from risk reduction
solutions. Timely investment can remedy the loss of risk.











 Although it is only initial exercise to establish thinking
of risk and risk management. Unfortunately, I have not gone to higher level of
game (I stopped at level 3). Therefore, some other good ideas I might miss. 