8288906

1.     
In
the game, risk management helped me to cope with damage when comets hit and
boost the performance faster. In each round, I always increased my protection to
at least level 4, buy a minimum insurance and always look out for the comet. As
a trade off, I had to take care of many things at a second and needed more time to
achieve the goal. Preparation for risk seemed to slow me down at the early in a
game since it cost, however, after the comet hit, that risk showed its effective
by minimize the destruction. In reality, a risk management policy also takes
time to become succesful, while at the beginning it may cost at a inhibition of
a nation’s  growth.

2.     
I
played the game twice to have success of the level 4. In the first try, I seemed
to do good on risk management by taking care of the protection, research and
insurance. However, I saved my money too much to repair when get damage by the
comet. As a consequence, I did not invest enough for building, could not reach
the goal and fail at level 4. With second try, I used all of money that I can
get to build and upgrade along with using risk management tools too, and I did
sussceed. What I learn from this game is that risk management must be combined
with development strategies effectively. One of the reason of risk management
is to enhance a sustained economic growth in the future. When a good risk
management policy is implemented not along with a appropriate development strategy,
the effectiveness of that policy will be not as substantial as expected.

3.     
If
I are task with
developing a new version of the game, I would add more natural disaster
to the game, not only comet hit, but may be volcano explode or a storm; that
will be more realistic since we have to deal with more than one disaster in
real life. In the place I live, enviromental pollution is becoming more and
more serious problem. Water, air, noise,… is getting polluted. In my opinion, a
carefully reasearch about the damage of those pollutions is needed and a scheme
should be assigned to cope with and fix them. That is what we want.     