8288850

 

Risk management plays an important role in passing levels of
this game. The key point here is to balance amount between developing
facilities and making insurance. In my way, I usually pay attention to all
figures of meteoroids including research, severity, probability of hitting to
my facilities and speed. For preparation for risk, I buy insurance for loss and
prepare budget to cover loss. However, I do not buy insurance immediately when meteoroids
appear. The time and amount for purchase insurance is different depending on
speed of meteoroids, severity and probability of hitting. In my point of view,
choosing time buy insurance is very important in order to utilize my budget. Sometimes,
I must trade off between high severity with low probability hitting and development
to save amount to upgrade pods. 

At the first time I play this game, although I have read
already about guideline, I still do not understand the figures of forecasting
risk, buying insurance and how to pass level. Therefore, I do not pass level 1.
However, at second time, I passed level 3 and lost in level 4. I believe that
my ability for risk management is better: choosing suitable time to buy
insurance, trading off between development and loss and utilizing my budget. The
main things I learned from this game: (1) Forecasting loss and time of
disaster, (2) We shouldn’t focus on developing community without risk
management from disaster, (3) preparing all resources including financial factor,
technology for protection and insurance to cover loss when disaster happens and
(4) allocating budget reasonably for community development and risk management.

Because it is simple game to manage risk, we should not put
many complicated functions in it. It takes a long time. However, if I were game
maker, I would give some simple points to improve risk management ability. Some
my solutions are:

              + Making more clearly some explanation how to pass
level for game players because I feel a bit confused when playing at the first
time

              + The criteria should be given particularly such
as: number of pods has to be built in level 1, number of pods needs to be
upgraded in level 2, level 3… Basing on that, the game players will have good
plan to use budget.

              + Now, the players have to make sense two key
problems: risk of disaster and building pot. We can put human factor to game
for some reasons. First, the players cannot generate income. All expense is up
to default budget.  It restricts ability
of players in creating income and using income. It will bring more interest to
the game. Second, if we put this factor to game, it requires players have to
balance among three problems: creating income actively, using income suitably
and reducing loss. Third, we will Improve new standards to pass each level such
as minimizing number of people died  and cost
for insurance, number of people lived after disaster…