8289921

The Risk Horizon game is designed in such a way that force the player to think very deeply in terms of risk and rewards and how to manage risk in a proper way. It further forces the players to apply the knowledge that they gained from the readings (part of this course). I personally found out that insurance can help to a great extent when a damage happens and the cost of repair can be less then estimated. Insurance it itself was forcing me invest more although it is up to the player to manage investment and the risk. The damage could cost extensively expensive without insurance while purchasing insurance helped the investor (me) a lot. While the risk was not completely eliminated, it was actually transferred to the insurer and the risk was now the responsibility of the insurer. It is fair in managing the risk to transfer while not completely eliminating it. The size of the loss must be meaningful from the perspective of the insured (me). Insurance premiums need to cover both the expected cost of losses, plus the cost of issuing and administering the policy, adjusting losses, and supplying the capital needed to reasonably assure that the insurer will be able to pay claims. For small losses, these latter costs may be several times the size of the expected cost of losses. There is hardly any point in paying such costs unless the protection offered has real value to a the investor (me).Bringing the level up was yet another important aspect of the game. I discovered it very late in the game and it protected me from very severe damages. It was yet another indirect form of insurance the one could use. While i believe that this kind of option may not be that easy in the real life to experience and use once one wants to invest in construction, infrastructure, etc. Another important aspect of the game was knowing the risk actually. One can miss the risk entirely when becoming so busy with the investment scheme or one may know the risk but can't manage it properly. What i learned is to know the risk and management it properly through insurance or transferring risk to the insurer, leveraging it, manage it or eliminate it through different risk management strategies. Overall the game was very useful to know the concept of risk management further and apply it in the real life example. I personally found it very useful. 