8289934

The role of risk management is to prepare for risk and use all oppoturnitíes to develop Alora's community. The first thing I made is to build pods and do protections them (upgrading, or use protection bar) as soon as possible to cope the comets threaten. When the comets appear, base on level of severity, and chance of hit I'll decide to make research more or less the levels. To prepare for risk of comets, gathering knowledge (research) is the most important, next is protection and insurance is last. Knowledge can tell you what you should do first, which is important and how you can do. For example, if severity or chance of hit is hight, or both of them, you have to do Protections rapidly first, at least same equal level with them, then make research the more the better. An advantage of this game is that you can research comets, upgrade the current pods and build more pod in same time. So, if you have money and time enough, try to do all the actions quickly. It helps your community has both protection and upgrading, this is the key of development of Alora. And if the threaten of comets is low you, maybe, just focus  on upgrading, building and protection. You only have a certain amount of money, so the funds for building, or upgrading, or protection must be considered, as long as the community has been expanded and protected. Some money could be reserved for repairing in the case you get damaged.

I played game many times to reach level 5, a little bit unlucky to reach the highest level. Trying to build more and more, upgrading, buy insurance, use protection bar... but in the first plays I couldn't pass over level 3, until I found that Knowledge and Protection is the best ways for sustainable development. Insurance is the only safeguard in case of force majeure.  

To have a better represent in risk management in my country, it's important to change Cognitive and Biases of behavior. like other developing countries we have many obstacles in risk management to: lack of information, sources, finance... To have a better represent in risk management in my country, the important thing is to change Cognitive and Biases of behavior. For example, people used to open hot water 24/24, do not unplug power, run the washing machine with too few clothes, use the freezer temperature too low.. they think this is normal, so do not waste electricity much. But if other 80 million people thought so too, the power consumed is not a small number while the country still lack regular electricity. Another example the habit of using plastic bags. Since the advent of plastic bags it proved very good its usability. However, its impact on the environment and health are huge but almost none of us noticed. Plastic bags harm from production because the production of plastic bags to use as raw material in the oil and gas, and other additives are substances extremely hazardous to health and environment human. When released to the environment plastic bags break down into smaller molecules of plastic, toxic and eventually contaminate soil and water. According to a survey by environmental agencies, the use of plastic bags bluff seems difficult to quit the habit of Vietnam. As environmental sector, investment demand for environmental protection in Vietnam is 85.000 billion dongs. Of the above, there are hundreds of billions being used to overcome the damage caused by plastic containers, plastic bags of waste into the environment. So,changing in cognitive and behavior is simple and effective way.
