8289509

Risk management serves as the central theme in the
game assignment of Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development. The
role that risk management plays at core here is balancing of resources:
providing enough to sustain a civilization and utilizing enough to protect the
civilization from calamities. As such, the key to successful completion of the
game requires both solid understanding of how resources are generated and how
they can be used to protect against the external risks.  

First,
the discussion will begin with how resources are generated. Up to ten pods may
be built on undeveloped land upon the alien planet, with each pod capable of
several upgrades and each upgrade carrying potential to generate more wealth
and resources to the civilization. 
Starting with $1,000, the player must be wise on how he/she builds or
upgrades the pods. While a greater number of pods and/or upgraded pods will
eventually generate a proportional increase in wealth (which, in turn, could be
used to build even more pods, upgrade them, or spent for protective services)
and resources, it costs wealth and, more importantly, time to realize the return on these investments. It is also
important to point out here that when wealth and resources are used in this
context, they are related but not the same. While wealth physically allows
players to invest in developing the pods, it is the pure resources, aside from
wealth, that these pods generate which ultimately decides the progress of the
game (as indicated by the shifting color(s) of the right-hand sidebar which
signals to players if they are on track to completing the current level).
Furthermore, developing and/or upgrading pods come at an expense to generating
resources because the pods cannot provide output while it is upgrading or being
developed. Therefore, after playing the game several times, I found it more
beneficial to start off building and upgrading pods at a calculated and
conservative rate rather than to go all out spending.

Next,
the discussion will continue with the tradeoffs between knowledge, protection,
and insurance. The tradeoff here is that the player can choose to invest
heavily in both wealth and pod outputting time to build protection around the
civilization and completely prevent casualties from the comets, which often
damages pods and thereby damages its outputting capabilities while costing the
player’s wealth to repair, or he/she could research the comet, which
concentrates much less wealth and resource but has a tendency to accept damage
from an incoming comet and plant a speedy recovery process that often involves
minimal to no damage repairs, especially if a solid insurance plan is also
established in place. Either way, the proper preparation for risk must ensure a
continuity of resource output opportunities for the future; and consequently,
on winning the game. 

I discovered something
interesting regarding the probability of hit and severity of a comet. A comet
with high severity but low probability is probably not worth your time. Or is
it? What if it actually does hit? This is why I used an “expected severity”
factor as a decision variable in selecting my protection level. The expected
severity factor of a comet can be determined by adding the comet’s probability
of hit by its level of severity and then dividing the number by two.

Finally, I would
recommend revising the damage recovery process of the game. Currently, it is
based on a sequence of manual motions that is dependent upon the player’s
personal reflexes. I feel that if the game’s intention is to teach risk and
opportunity, then the process should be automated to represent the real world. 