8289007

Risk
Horizon is the useful games to study. Computer experts and risk management  have built games based on key components or
activities of various risk management in the preparation phase is knowledge,
insurance, protection and coping with damage. The objectives of the game is
within three minutes of each level, a limited resource is provided, players or
investors make sure that the community to be constructed, developed and
protected in order to avoid nature disaster (damage) of comet. There are many
things to learn and discuss about the game. However, this written to identify:1.
The experience of having to make risk management choices in the game? and

2.
What I have learnt from playing the game?

After
beating and archieving level 4, I personally learned the lessons of experience
relating to risk management and investment decisions as follows.

Firstly
is the experience, the knowledge tool ( or research tool) should study as deep
as possible to know the characteristics of comets, time frame, resources,
development level, and community. Each comet appeared, it must be researched at
once base on severity and the chance (frequency) of its occurrence; To focus
and continuously observe the screen during playing game specially in remaining
time, and the volatility of resources, the indicator of development level,
connection and community protection as well as the level of damage when
disasters happen, thus, we need calculate balance between developing and
protecting the community to achieve the goals with current resources. A premium
must be calculated reasonably to buy and it depends on severity and likelihood
of disasters, the importance of insurance tool is a reasonable tradeoff between
resources and the necessary demands to protect community in order to cope with
natural disasters. Community protection by minimizing damage and coping with
the accident better , the problem is to calculate the trade-offs between
protection and development in order to attain reasonable goals. 

 Next
are the lessons after playing this game many times:

1.
With high severity and likelihood of risks, a reasonable insurance level should
be purchased, to strengthen community connection: a good preparedness to
response to disaster.  

2.
Investment decisions at the right time and the level of reasonable investment
are influence success or failure.

3.
Damage will be reduced, a high ability to recover and come back for development
quickly if investors buy insurance and protect community better.

4.
It should be used harmonious synthesis of risk management tools. Focusing
only  single risk management tool will
easily lead to failure.

5.
To successful risk management, everyone must master the principles of risk
management, and  implement  effective processes as well as continual
improvement (framework) of the risk management.

Finally,
The game is useful for people who pay attention to risk management, it help
them practise to apply skills in real work more efficiently.
 
  
 