8290217

The role of risk
management in this game is to increase and apply the knowledge, protection and
insurance tools in order to manage my Luminator of Alora in term of balance
risk preparation and healthy development. Because of those Comets careen into
the water and cause waves that hinder development, I might to balance between
growing my community and preparing for those potential shocks. That’s the reason
why I have to consider to use three Luminator powers: Research, Protection and
Insurance. I would rather to buy a strong scheme of insurance than pay
attention to grow Luminator too fast or focus on expanding my community. Besides,
the more I accumulate research the more I can protect my community avoid the
comet hits. As for me, we do not know what will happen in the future so we must
do our best in present and make it better in near future.

If I play the game again
in second time I would take more time to research and buy a higher insurance
package. Insurance may be a mystery to many people. People trade off the
affordable cost of insurance for the peace of mind that a large loss won’t mean
financial ruin. That makes you feel comfortable to growing your own task in
this game. Everyone knows what risk is in this game, we spend money to build
our community and we take the risk regularly when the comet hit, whether we
realize it or not. The more I play the more I realize that in every decision I
make, I assessing the pros and cons, that the main thing I learn from this game
– do a risk assessment in risk management. The challenge is to make it more
conscious when it happens again.

The benefits of risk
management in the game captures are huge. You can save a lot of money if you
deal with some comet hit in a proactive manner. The result will be that you
minimize the impact of damage and seize the opportunities that occur. This
allows you to build your community on time, on budget and with the quality
results your plan. But if I am in task with developing a new version of game, I
would build another risk event besides comets hit risk. In that case you have
to face more risk. So you need to prioritize risk. Some risks have a higher
impact than others. Therefore you better spend your time on the risks that can
cause the biggest loss and gain.

In my city, I think we may
set priorities and reviewing and revising risks in terms of changing
environment. Understanding the nature of a risk is a precondition for a good
response. Therefore take some time to have a closer look at individual risks
and don't jump to conclusions without knowing what a risk is about.

Risk analysis occurs at
different levels so you need to set priorities and reviewing them frequently.
Looking at the effects, I can describe what effects take place immediately
after a risk occurs and what effects happen as a result of the primary effects
or because time elapses. A more detailed analysis may show the order of
magnitude effect in a certain effect category like costs, leading time or
improving quality of life. Another angle to look at risks, is to focus on the
events that precede a risk occurrence, the risk causes. List the different
causes and the circumstances that decrease or increase the likelihood.

 

 