8290394

1: There is high risk of flood in
the community. The community itself is close to the river and high chances of
impact to the people if severity of flood it high. However there is an
opportunity to make different choices to protect the community. I made choices seeing
the severity of the hazards and its impact. If severity is high then I tried to
protect community, more investment on development. Similarly, analyze the situation
properly that how much investment I have to make to protect people and development
work so that there will be minimum impact of disaster. If there are low fund
and severity of hazard is high then I buy insurance with proper analyses
whether it will pay back later or not. If the impact of hazard is not that
strong and sufficient protection measures, the continue development work
without extra efforts. The proper risk management averts damages and prevents
development setbacks and understanding the environment in which risks and
opportunities arise is one of crucial factor on risk management. This has provided
opportunity for me to develop the plan and help out to make quick and right
decision. Through this process, I was able to reach level 5.

2: I played game twice. When I
played first time, try to see the impact of hazard and focus on protecting
community and investment on development without proper analyses of the cost
benefits. Available funding, community network and insurance was completely
ignored or not realized. When I played second time, then I was able to analyze
the different perspective on risk management. I was aware of the insurance
policy and did thhe proper cost benefit analysis in addition to community
networking and support system. I realized that how Insurance can help to
protect adverse shocks. Similarly, the community support each other during
disaster and made sure that how they can play effective role to minimize the
impact of disaster. I have learnt through the game that if we are better
prepare for possible disaster threat, in this case flood, we can easily manage
the risk. Risk management cannot be done in isolation, there is need to have
proper preparedness through protection measures, establish the community
coherence, cost benefit analysis either through insurance or intact risk factor
into development process. Similarly, we need to identify the obstacles of risk management
and ways to overcome those risk. When there is good preparation for risk management,
then there will less adverse effect or impact and coping can be minimal which
lead to quick recovery with less investment. Lastly, I have noted that risk
management is cost-effective but not always feasible. It depends on the context
and capacity/interest of the community, stakeholders, state and international
community

In a nutshell, I have learnt that
how knowledge, protection and insurance can provide complementary means of
managing risk. It has provided wider perspective on risk management with visual
and help out to grasp the concept very clearly compare to reading the report
and article. 

3: In case of Nepal, there is low
level of awareness on the importance of risk management and limited capacity to
dealt with risk either disaster due to hazards or climate induce, economic
crises, civil unrest. Almost half of the population lives under the poverty
line and faces daily survival. In this case, living with risk is normal phenomenon.
In this context, I will add the components on awareness raising, capacity
building, risk assessment and prioritization of those risk with proper guidance
steps. Apart from it I will add the clear steps in tutorial course with example.

