8290478

The risk management was crucial to raise the
development of Alora. In a planet so exposed to falling comets, the balance
between invest in risk management or development was the most complicated
decision. However, recovery of infrastructure is clearly expensive and impact
in the development, the money expended in recovery could be used for improve
the community. Risk management is strongly correlated with “opportunity cost”.
Even when preparation is costly, a weak risk management will trigger the use of
more resources. So, when crises occurs and it is mitigated with a strongly
preparation and coping guaranteeing a minimum, or even no damage, resources
could be invested not only in develop but also in continuing risk management. I played the game a lot of times because at the
first I couldn’t even successfully reach the third level. During my first
attempts, I was focusing in invest and improve few ponds and buying the minimum
insurance option because the fear of loss all money and don’t have it when the
comet impact, while in protection I only kept two or three bars. Obviously,
when comet impacted, the damages was too high to repair everything (the
insurance only covered 30%) and left me without money to continue improving
infrastructure. After that, I tried another strategy, I invested more in
protection (reaching five bars at the first level) and while the ponds were in
construction or improvement, I focused in research. I didn’t save money like
before but also I didn’t need to buy an insurance: The high protection combined
with a great research was enough for face the risk, also coping through
community connections was vital, thanks the time gained due the research. Only
in level 4, I needed buy the minimum insurance option, just for keep the
security of the development created. The main things I learned about the game are: 1)
Risk management is necessary not only for protect the “value” created but also
improve value creation. 2) Balance between risk management and development is
very complicated, but the two of them complement each other. 3) Invest in
protection is costly but guaranteed sustainable development. 4) Insurance is
not a panacea, just a complementary strategy. 5) Community connections are
vital during crises and coping phase, because they mitigate the risk’s
outcomes. 











About add or modify something in the game, I
think the game takes all steps in risk management and correlate them with the
community's development. The game could add some features about identifying the
risk. In the game, comets are visible but in real life the risk is not always
at there. But even when the game catches all process in a simple way, managing
(and gaming) would become more difficult.