8290401

Game reflection

First of all, the game is the
reflection of risk management in which I had to care about my community for its
development and also its resilience to natural disaster of the comets. The
community located in coastal area and it would be a big challenge in allocating
its resource (money in game) for development (upgrading house) and protecting
measures (raise land up, scientific information, and insurance) against tsunami
caused by comets. – To be honestly, I still be challenged at level 4, hope
sharing experience with you all can help me improve it.

I had managed the risks to my
community through manage the resource (money) in spending for development
(upgrading house) and protection measures against disasters. In which,
knowledge about disasters are very important in recognizing different levels of
disaster through colors of comet, scientific information of comets, and its
speed through screen. By looking at that information I could decide where the
money should prioritize for upgrading first or reserve to raise base up and buy
insurance.

Additionally, money is always challenged
and limited at all levels, and the healthier community is, the more money it has
to spend.  But when community is higher
developed, the costs, both upgrading and repairing from disasters, are also
higher as well as insurance for property. However, the benefit (no or less
damage) had proved through the investment for protection, the higher
investments the lower cost community has to pay, even though, if balancing is
not taken into account, the future impacts can be negative. In this case I got
experience in game, in which if I paid higher investment at first there no
damage, but low upgrading both at current and higher level; but if I paid less,
the damage would happen and I also spend money for community, and it’s worsen
with continuous disasters. That’s big challenge.

The last one I want to mention is
about “time” which require me have to keep community healthy but also responding
on time (time limit of game and of action) with all necessary decisions related
to disasters. Any wrong decision could make further consequences in future that
I could not correct. For example, wrong decision of kinds of insurance payment could
result in less money for upgrading and other protection measure, wrong in
over-upgrading could lead to less money for protection measures.

In summary, the game has captured
almost the key messages of risk management both obstacles and the methods to
overcome. It could be better if other issues could be integrated inside such as
many stakeholders participate as an community (ies) through online participants
of many gamer at the same time, so it could reflect more reality of obstacles.