8292186

The role of risk management in the game was to enable me, as so-called Luminator of Planet Alora, to prepare for possible losses from disasters (in this case, meteors) and to cope with the effects afterwards. This is done by figuring out a way to properly
allocate resources between research, protection, and insurance. 
The main challenge was in ensuring a good balance between the three components while also taking into consideration the limited resources available to me, especially since a good chunk of these resources also went into building the pods and in upgrading them so that they could withstand future disasters that might be too severe for the existing protection measures to address.
In the course of the game I found that spending too much resources and time in research, protection and insurance tended to stifle development since resources and time that should have gone into pod-building went into preparation activities, instead. To make matters worse, every time a disaster of significant magnitude hit, resources got further depleted due to repairs.
The first time I played the game, I lost on the very first level since most of my efforts were exerted in improving protection and in buying insurance. I was more successful the next time I played (though I still didn’t manage to get past level 2) because I finally found that key to winning the first level was in the wise allocation of time and resources between development and disaster preparation. 
The most important lesson I learned from playing the game was finding how difficult it was to implement risk management while making sure that development is also given equal attention. I also learned that spending too much time in one component of risk management and too little in another, resulted in an imbalanced allocation that always ended in disaster. I therefore learned to pay attention to all information offered in the game, such as those provided by research, so that I could react more intelligently, and in a way that was more responsive to the circumstances at hand.
While the game itself captures the aspects of risk management in a significant way, I would love to see a bit more activities in the community level like, for example, food production. This can be a good area to explore as this can expand the gameplay by allowing players to come up with coping strategies other than those specifically directed towards infrastructure. This might make the gameplay even more difficult than it already is but, then, risk management in the real world is never ever easy.