8292436

The role of risk management in the game is Balance Risk Preparation and Healthy Development
						The player must balance between growing their community and 
preparing for these potential shocks by accessing three Luminator powers: 
Research, Protection, and Insurance.is very important.1) The first time, I am not understand how to play and play under my understanding, and not find the interesting of this game, but when I do again, I found it is very fun and focus research the comet and forgot the payer 's role to protect the island. The lesson I learned I should prove resource into many duties: research to get knowledge, buy insurance and protection in the same time.2) When play it again, I felt more confident to buy 2nd insurance level to decrease the damage. I must research the severity of risk and spend the reasonable cost to buy Insurance to re-built the community and city. However, we should understand and equip knowledge of risk to protect in time, when to use the bar to increase the city higher than ocean water level, observe and research the impact of change, hitting from comet movement to provide the reasonable policy. If play over once more time, we must forecast comet movement and press and hold the slider in right position,  the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. But actually, I don't still know how to create community connections right before the comet hits, if get more time and I will study again.  the 
main things I learned from the game that I will forecast in advance many risk situations for any things, I will write down and think the way how to manage risks, preparation to cope with it, research the important information, build protection methods, and buy insurance to protect...  		

					
					 	3) If I can develop the new version of the game:3.1) Knowledge: I will provide the payer more knowledge of this game. such us: explain the comet hitting 's impact distance, which safety distance we should move the island higher, which level insurance is possible in each case or give more choosing about re-building the island (grow tree/food, build house... ). 3.2) Picture: I will draw more waves and pictures from the comet hitting, damaged picture more lively 3.3) Insurance: give more chooses, how many USD for buying insurance for food, house, clothes, car, unemployment insurance3.4) Protection: for the player to choose: shelter, food, clothes, the organization...3.5) Example: It is better, we show an example game and outcome from this game for the payer really master it. 3.6) For my living place: Vietnam has got a lot of traffic accidents, therefore I will design a traffic game 's risk management.- Knowledge: make some questions to evaluate the knowledge, which ages should study traffic safety, small children, adult, man, woman, old generation..., which one is best?- Mean: which kind of mean should be allowed to use in the rural, urban, large city, town.. such as: car, canoes, cycle, vehicle, helicopter, train, bus, taxi...- Construction: which necessary meters should be required when building the land? The lands should be designed to use within in the future time, at least 50 years' demand.- Insurance: give more some kinds of insurance we should to buy to cover the damage. For example: insurance for shelter, food, clothes, car, houses, office building, water, essential things, unemployment insurance.- Protection: when joining traffic, which kind of protected things we should bring or buy such as safety belt, hat, shoes, clothes..- Traffic situation: make more traffic games for player to join and show the outcome or loss/ damage picture if they made a wrong or unsuitable traffic joining. Thanks for your reading. 