8292571

First of all, let me share my experience which I believe is linked to my own attitude on risk.  My gaming skill (especially on this one) is terrible but still, I had to do 'act' on this assignment.  Using my home computer made it worst.  I did not have the right tool (resources?) and knowledge, and slowly, led me to frustration and hopelessness: Simply 'inaction', no more Risk and Management course!   Fortunately, I was able to use another machine this morning, and with renewed hope, I tried again.  Thanks to this additional computing resource made available to me (social and family support system), I was able to appreciate better the rule of the game (knowledge), the quality of interaction produced by high density video (graphics card), more computer memory,  efficient mouse, and larger monitor screen (protection from failure and opportunity to win) and the insurance (time allotment to finish due to time difference).  Sometimes, a pause (sleep over it) helped; otherwise, I would have written something unjustly to the MOOC organizer.  Ultimately, I get the chance to enjoy the game and gain useful insight from it.Knowledge is foremost.  I need to know all the elements involved, their nature or limitations, so I know how to prioritize my steps for my own protection as well as to understand the trade-offs,  given the time I have. In the context of the game, I have to build pods, to repair them as often as possible and to connect them.  To ensure protection against waves as aftermath of comet fallouts, there is lever to raise at least 4 bars. Then, there are three options on insurance-buying. Moreover, there are the comets to check all the time, and do a lot of research about it so as to reduce damage.   Effective risk management entails preparation, and so this game with rules to follow, to avoid, to maintain, etc.  Begin with gathering pertinent information about the risks you will have, and how you can protect yourself and at the same time, find opportunity to develop into something better and more resilient.  Without knowledge, it will all be futile trial and error, that may end as losses and more damages.After several losses, I had to re-do the tutorial part.  I did not remember the lever to increase it to at least 4.  From then on, I feel more comfortable just checking on the comets but continuously working on 'research'.  Another thing I forgot was how to use the insurance.  I kept on buying without thinking the impact on my 'money pot'.If I were to redesign the game, I would have a system check that if capacity is not quite right, immediately, there will be a warning  on the screen.  With regards to the component or elements on the game itself, I would change the connecting the community after the blast.  It's not quite clear how you will connect them.  I would perhaps show 'people' in the video to reinforce spirit of coping.  Example:  a part where you see rice fields - growing if taken care; and rotting if not taken care. So, increase the lever would show rice stalks growing more healthily.  Most developing countries are engaged in agriculture; so it will be good to add this in the feature.   Coping only make sense and satisfying if you feel that you have develop or become better than before.  We still need to think of how to portray this in the game.