8292592

The game, despite looking simple at a first sight, offers different ways
to develop Alora. The risks are presented in different ways that give you
unclear options at a first sight. 

After what was learnt in these lessons I decided to cover the citizens
with insurances and try to develop as fast as possible. That wasn´t very successful,
and after several attempts, I started to try different things to get
experience. Protect with damps has been shown as a more effective and
economical option to protect the planet. Somehow has sense, as the investment
is translated directly into a valuable asset for the community.

The investment in insurances, unless something very big happened,
weren´t very efficient, at least for the long term, as was delaying the
development and make it impossible to reach upper levels. We can state that
despite are a valuable help in case of a disaster happens, it is better for the
community to work to avoid them. If the community is not affected by the
collision, there are no delays in the development, and no time invested in
repair the effects. “It is better to prevent that to regret”. Anyway, there
wasn´t a clear better strategy and all was conditioned by the observation of the
comets.

Observation of the
comets helped to take the first decisions. Once your damps are implemented the
habitants of Alora become more relax and they could concentrate more in their
community, developing and protecting. Somehow, you know that collisions are
going to happen, and you need to be ready.

Knowledge was the most
valuable asset, helping to choose the options with less risk and more percent
of success. As everything happens quite fast in the game, my “resources” weren’t
enough to always take the best options. Prevention was the strategy
finally used to reach high levels. After level 3, a collision could have a devastating
impact in the progress. Is then when a good insurance can make the difference
to not to lose all the efforts previously done. Coping with the effects of the
disasters with high effects impacts was the most traumatic experience, even
with insurances.

The game doesn´t give you the options to slow down or plan your development
to not increase the risk associated to a quick growth. This is happening
in my city, and I think all over around the world. Uncontrolled or rush development
create associated risks, and compromise the future stability. The urgency in
developing Alora was the main cause of my lack of success in passing levels,
having to assume excessive risks.

