8292691

I tried the game three times, all of which resulted into varying levels of success.The role of risk management in the game is very evident. The player has to allocate resources efficiently between upgrading the structures, increasing protection, and purchasing insurance to prevent damage from comets that prevent the player from reaching a designated quota. Upgrades meant increasing the overall wealth production and reaching the quota set per level. They also provide the basic resource wealth which is used to purchase protection and insurance. Protection reduces the damage dealt to the colony, but at the cost of expending gold per second. A noteworthy consideration here is that it wears down with each comet impact. In the case of damages to the colony, insurance lessens the overall impact while reducing the cost of repairs. In addition, research, that is acquiring knowledge of the threat, is also necessary to reduce the probable negative impact of the risk by elevating protection and allowing the community to prepare for the shock.For my first try, I only reached level 3. With each level, I bought insurance and elevated protection to a level that equals or is higher than the perceived severity of an incoming comet. However, this plan proved to be faulty for two reasons: Purchasing insurance each level is unnecessary for the first few levels since threat to the colony is very minimal and upgrading structures and increasing protection is a better use of the available resources; and very high levels of protection meant lower wealth for less money for upgrading. I lost the game by not reaching the quota. Looking back, the cost of the failure was the lack of foresight: I should have taken the risk of upgrading the structures, which meant more income, instead of just preparing for each probable risk presented by a passing comet. The plan was short-sighted.The next try ended with a loss at at level 5. For this round, I was able to allocate the resources evenly between upgrades, protection, and insurance. By the fifth level, most of my structures have been upgraded to the fourth tier and I was enjoying a high level of protection and insurance. However, a comet with full mark of severity hit the colony, damaging the structures by 48%, putting me way below the quota. At this point, I convinced myself that the game was designed to make the player lose at this level by sending a comet that was suited to render protection irrelevant. But, upon review of the mechanics of the game, it seems that I have missed something vital: research. I never did any of it for the first two tries, so I reckoned that it might help in winning the game.By the third try, my colony suffered no damage and I was able to finish the game with fully upgraded structures and with a large amount of spare wealth. This just goes to show, in my opinion, how important each of the different aspects of preparation must be undergone and pursued. The lack of knowledge hindered my game colony to prepare for possible damage. Also, the knowledge of when the risks are coming and what their corresponding severities are enabled me to make decisions on allocation of the limited resource.If I were to alter the game, perhaps increasing the difficulty by adding another factor would make the game more interesting. Another mechanism or an obstacle that would create uncertainties in judgement can add another dimension to decision-making that was lacking in the current game.