8293126

The aim of Risk Horizon game, a real time strategy game, is to educate
people how an efficient risk management system could not only resist a
large-scale uncertainty such as a natural disaster but also unleash the ideal opportunities
of development by overcoming a virtual challenge.
In detail, this game simulates an assumed situation that Alora community has to
grow up under the risk of comet destruction. As the Lord Mayor of Alora island,
the player is requested to build up and upgrade as many pods as possible under
the strict conditions like the limitation of time and the various possibility
and flooding effects of comet booming. The more convenient pods are, the more satisfaction
of community is, but the more risky outcomes are as well. Despite the objective
hazard, there are still three key ways to reduce the shocking outcomes of this
natural risk at different costs of resources. The simplest method, which costs
no time, is to buy the insurance at three refund levels: 33%, 50% and 75% of repairing
expense, which means the damaged pods. Nonetheless, it charges a great amount
of money depending on the community expansion. Another low-cost methodology is
researching the comet’s severity and possibility to predict the next step
whereas the cheapest way is informing community about the studying data of
these comet destructions to prepare and protect people. However, the two
low-priced ways cost much time, a precious resource during any sudden natural
disaster; therefore, the player has to save time and money and use resources
wisely and effectively; or in other words, to balance among three powers: Research,
Protection, and Insurance. In short, the game requires the player to
continually establish and develop the pods to earn money and public
satisfaction but manage risk and prepare for the potential outcomes at the same
time.

After dealing with Risk Horizon games many times, it is realised that the
first and most essential lesson learned from this game should be the intense
concentration of and effective risk management hierarchy as the balancing
combination and coordination of many resilient methods. Any methods will have
their own strengths and weaknesses. As a result, the risk manager must address
the right problems, evaluate the appropriate situation and then understand
transparently the advantages and disadvantages to apply the most suitable way to
solve the issue. In addition, the game points out that the importance of
researching and public awareness to avoid risky damage of natural disaster.
Overall, uncertainty could not be eliminated but it could be controlled by a
useful risk management system.

 

 

 

 

