8293726

The game helps us understand more about risk management in
which Cost – Benefit analysis  play a key
role in decision making process. The objective is to build up a strong and safe
community under threatening of comics. The larger and stronger community that
you create, the higher benefit you will get and reach the milestone within allowing
time. Every activity in the game must be paid and, of course, the investment
also brings on benefit for the players. Starting with a budget of $1,000.00, we
need to spend for creating and upgrading spots, doing research on risks of
comics, buying insurance, and protecting the community by raising it up.
However, the developed spots will create benefit depending on the amount of
money that you invest on it. Besides, the more time and money you spend on research,
the longer time you can get for preparation and connecting community to
reducing damage from risk later on. Moreover, higher rate of security may costs
you more, but it also helps to reduce loss and damage in severe cases. And finally,
spending on protection is good to reduce damage (should reach scale 4 or more -
if it is strong enough, we do not need to spend for the security). In my
opinion, the security should be bought at 75% when starting levels 1-3 because the
security whenever bought in each level could be useful for any damage case
happening in that level. For higher levels, decision of buying security will
depend on the protection level that you get and research results. In addition,
since the research results do not always correct, therefore, be careful with
the comic which has strong impact but low probability of occurrence. 

Actually, I’ve played the game several times. At first trial,
I construct just two pots and upgrade it to make it stronger; besides, I use
research to forecast risks and protection continuously to strengthen the
community; I will buy the insurance depending on the risk level it may face
with; Even that there is no any damage happen, I still not complete level 1 on
time since the community is not develop enough. On the second and third trials,
I increase the number of pots to three or four, respectively; also use
research, protection, and insurance, however when upgrade the community, one
pot is developed first (at least level 3), then comes the other pots; I also
fail with this strategy at level 2. Finally, I apply the strategy of balance development
and start with 3 spot first, focusing more on research and protection
activities; when the primarily pots are upgraded to level 2, I build a new pot;
then upgrading them one by one; After upgrading them all to the next level, I build
the new one. Again and again, I build all the communities; in some severe case,
I buy security at the highest rate to reduce the damage, if any. I’ve
successfully completed level 4 with this strategy couple of times. Unfortunately,
I could not win the level 5 of this game even having tried it twice.

Actually, this game is fantastic; the player need to have a good
strategy to cope with the threats of natural disasters and should be effective
with their investment decisions. Buying security and building up early alert
system are really necessary for Vietnam now since this could be considered as
the most vulnerable area to climate change but low adaptation capacity.

