8294838

In this game reflection so far, to achieve an appropriate balance we must make a choice. Everything we do has some cost, whether in time or resources. Comparing the cost-effectiveness of preparing for risk of comets with that of coping with its consequences is one of the important trade-offs that i made. Protecting the community is useful but can get expensive.

We have a community of Alora to build and develop in the wake of a natural hazard - comets. These  comets threaten our development everytime they hit our community, by sending shock waves that induce flood on our Alora community. It is therefore, our responsibilty to protect this community from the mightiest comets and developed a thriving community that will endure for generations. To do this a path of balance is needed most (a balance between preparation and developement) so, we employed risk management.
The higher the community rises, the more expensive it becomes to protect it further.The choice between these actions depended in part on how the (certain) costs of preparing for the risk of comets compare to the (often uncertain) benefits of doing so. I used more of protection bar when the community is still at the infant stages because it is cheaper and relatively has little effect on my development but at some stages when confronted by a less severe comets of high or low chance of hitting the commuinity i leveraged on community protections(like a kind of insurance) by investing on research. The more i invested on research the more time i have, and more time to make community connections because when disaster strikes we help each other survive by sharing resources forming and sustaining connections is so valuable. 
Not only relying on the protection from the community, when confronted by highly severe comets, the most cost effective option here is adequate insurance, if at all the community is being damaged it makes repair cheaper and faster, and also replenish some of the lost development.Moreover, whenever a preparation for the Alora community against the comets is made Alora development stopped. This is an immediate correlation. And it is something you must keep in mind when you are attemtping to balance preparing for comets strike and reaching the developmental goal before time runs out.

Having played the game, I learnt that once the Alora community has fully developed ( the development bar is green). It is easier to cope with all other things like comets threat and community protection and developmental goal( the mark on the development bar), by making the necessary balance otherwise success would not be achieved in the long-run. Also, i invested more in reserching the commets, this is very important due to uncertainty nature of the information gathered.

In summary, the game captures some aspects of risk management like identifying risk, preparation, coping,and prosperity etc. But if i were to develop another version i would be glad to add obstacle to risk management module (particularly corruptions) because this happen to be the chief impediment to risk management in my country. Thanks.





