8296410

The game was a great way to apply the knowledge of risk management. My approach towards the game was based around the strategy of comprehensive development with protection and constant updates about the risk of comets  for the long term. While for the short term, there were many instances when I had to make a trade off from my long term goal. I had opted for insurance instead of protection when a comet with high magnitude was about to hit. This helped me to utilize more effectively the resources and save time as I didn't have to concentrate on protection activity but focus on development. The insurance package that I would opt depended on 2 factors - the level of protection I already had and the magnitude of the risk faced by Almora. Insurance also aided to disperse the risk over large number of people and minimize the effect on me. During situations when the the severity of the comet was slightly above Almora's protection level (say less than 3 points), I didn't opt for insurance. Instead I utilized that money to increase the protection level and also invest in development activity. I even gained greater knowledge about the comet in this situation, so as to get more time to communicate with the local population.In the entire game, it became extremely evident that preparing for the risk through knowledge, insurance and protection substantially reduced (or even nullified) the losses. I was able to focus more on development activities as the fear of loosing substantial resources were reduced. Protection measures proved to be extremely helpful in minimizing the losses from the waves and the comets. It certainly proved the adage "a stitch in time saves nine"When I first played the game, I laid a greater emphasis on knowing the possibility and severity of the comets and protecting Almora from it, that is, I was more focused on knowledge  protection rather than development activities. I then realized that is also very important to induce coping mechanism as well as to distribute the losses through insurance. Hence, when I played the game again, a greater emphasis was laid on development and also on the need for insurance when the looming risk was pretty high. I also traded with the amount of time spent on acquiring knowledge by spreading it across preparing for it and developing the region.If I were to be in the team for the development of the new version of the game, I would certainly include the most important dimension of risk management which according to me is neglected in this game - the risk of operational human error. In the entire game, whatever strategic decisions we had to take were implemented seamlessly. However we are all very well aware that this does not happen in the real world. Actions are extremely prone to shortcomings compared to the plans because of human involvement. The risk of implementation is the greatest risk and needs to effectively captured in the next version of the game.