8296936

Reflections from the Risk Horizon gameWhat was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?It was awesome that the preparation of risk significantly increased the likelihood of advancing levels. It was a good lesson that take knowledge of meteorites (the biggest threat in the game) had to be in a balanced manner.If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?I had to play several times to understand the importance of being balanced in the three most important aspects: preparation, development and contingency. The first attempt I’ve not considered all the threats and I barely accomplished the first level.Lessons learned is that, beyond having a good economic development, it should be better prepared for threats or for any inconvenience, everything is made ​​in vain.The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?To make the game able to take aspects of the reality in which we live, the limitations should be given the difficulties to take cognizance of the threats. In the game the only cost of learning was not be able perform other tasks, when in reality we know that learning has a cost that the game is not represented in the best way.ConclusionProfit, grow economically, develop new technologies, to open markets or have a big city are useless if that development is not accompanied by good risk management, to take cognizance of the threats and treat them properly. Obtaining insurance can minimize the damage but much better is to have contingencies developed based on knowledge of the threats.