8297737



1.

The Risk Horizon game made it very apparent that proper risk
management is necessary for successful progress throughout the levels. The
emphasis on early protection of development was evident in the initial levels.
The establishments hardly have a foundation but are immediately exposed to
natural risks.

In order to further my progress, I focused on establishing
buildings that would support the financial needs for sustainability. However,
this came at the cost of time that could have been used on research and also to
raise the foundation of the area as a whole. This strategy was soon altered so
that an emphasis on research was adopted so to avoid needless development and
increase the time the communities had to reach out to one another during
emergency plans. 

A constant issue for me during my with this game had to do
with the enormous amount of time and effort that it took to raise the
foundation of the area. This would seem to be the most effective defense
against immediate risk, but was very costly in terms of time and finances when
compared to insurance and research. Insurance was the second most costly in
terms of finances due to the resetting of terms for each level. This must
reflect the reevaluation of an insurance claim on property for an home owner,
which implies that the protective measure comes at a high price if it is not
absolutely seen as an effective measure. 

2.

I played the game repeatedly in the hopes of progressing
further and seeing how the difficulty increased. I learned over my multiple
attempts that the bar measuring the safety of the overall area would increase
by roughly 30 to 50% as time went on. This would imply that the requirements
for protecting the area would be more inefficient as time progressed. I also
noticed that it was more difficult to protect my territory through simple
research. Insurance greatly accelerated the progress of making the area safer.
However, it would be best to purchase insurance near the beginning of each
level so as to maximize the benefits it provides in terms of advancing in the
level and making repairs less costly in the incident of property damage from
asteroids. Also, development of buildings passed a certain level became too
costly to continue if the structures were to be properly defended. The building
process yields greater income, but also grows tedious if the protection of the
area is the main of goal of the game. 

3.

If I were to add one thing to this game, it would most
likely be a structure or portion of the region that reflects commerce. The
buildings themselves do imply that there is an accumulation of income. But a
few buildings designated or industry/commerce would help to illustrate the vulnerability
of certain areas to risks surrounding natural disasters or even economic
crises. These facilities could be specific to the asteroid scenario by maybe
applying a rocket factory motif or an asteroid mining facility. This could also
add complexity to the game by introducing industry specific risk in the form of
stripping the area of re-usable resources or creating a more on-the-ground risk
in combination those present through the asteroids.

