8298226

This game conveys the message that if you manage risk in
good manner you will reduce damages at minimum level. Every action in economic
environment is decided based on cost-benefit comparison: (i) you pay money to
buy insurance you will get the protection; (ii) You built up more spot you have
to pay money but you will get stronger spot; (iii) If you click early on comics
you will lost your time in doing research but you get more time to connect
community and you get more time to built up for yourself the early alarming
system and more time for reparation shield to cope with risk; (iv) if you spend
money on upgrade the floor you will protect the community against hit (if the
level of the floor as high as the severity of risk the community will survive
even risk occur).

The game also provides the knowledge of reparation for risk
will ensure the sustainable development in changing world nowadays. If people
have knowledge of risk they will react properly: (i) they will build up a
protection system that is strong enough to face to risk; (ii) they will
establish an early alarming system in order to deal with risk. Depending on the
alarming they will adjust their behavior with the level of risk; (iii) an
community connections is need to be create to share the knowledge, damage.

When I played the game only once, I decide base on my
instinct and theory that if I buy insurance I will have opportunity to win the
game because insurance company will pay for my damages. When I play game many
times and after upgrade level I recognize that If want to become winner I have
to change my idea on insurance and I have tactics as well as strategy to play
game: (i) I have to use high speed processing and touch-screen computer to
speed up the money I gain from game: (ii) I have to upgrade spots to make them
as strong as they can to protect themselves and upgrade the floor to protect
community; (iii) I have to do research enough time to have more time in
connecting communities; (iv) I have connecting communities to share damages.

 

The game is very interesting and complicated. But I thing
there is no perfect things.You can change: (i) the kind of risk like storm, volcano…
instead of comics hit the earth; (ii) the directions of comic’s occurrence
instead of occurrence from the left; (iii) accept the continuous level instead
of start at the beginning.

