8298791

In the game, the role of risk management is keeping the
development of the beautiful world Alora to meet the milestone within time
limit. There are many comets can hit Alora causing damages and floods. I made
choices between three of Luminator’s powers, such as Research, Protection and
Insurance. Certainly, each action will cost me precious resource. Protection
will slow down short term development immediately, but this long term protection
will prevent my pods from being damaged when hit by the comets depending on
protection level I had. Research will have great effect right before the comet
hits to create community connection and to boost protection. Especially for
more severe comets, I will have more time to prepare with more research. Finally,
insurance will affect after the hitting of the comets. By purchasing insurance,
the cost to rebuild pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and cheaper.
Insurance also recovers lost development time after my pods are repaired. 

I played the game more than once. I cannot meet the
development milestone at the first time, so I tried to build more pods and
upgraded them on the second time. At this time, I can see my development and
resources increased a lot. However, I failed again because I forgot to obtain
insurance at this second time. After hitting by the comets, I cost me a great
number of resources, so I am lack of money to build new pods to catch up
development. For the third time, I forgot to increase the Protection level so
the speed of development cannot meet the deadline. In my opinion, in order to
succeed with the game, players have to be as quick as possible in making
choices, saving every second and to find the perfect balance between spending
and investment on Research, Protection and Insurance powers.

Currently, players can only do one job at one
time. I can only choose Research or Protection. If I am tasked with developing
a new version of the game, I will add one feature that players can do multi
tasks. For example, players can do Research for several comets and increase Protection
level at the same time within available resources. My new feature to the game
will better represent the risk management choices that are close to the real
world and really matter in the place I live. Some policies can be made one by
one, but some policies can be proceeded at the same time.