8299676

Risk management played a key role in the game. The game basically dealt with the planet of Alora and how it could be protected against comets which was the main threat.  In the game making the choice within what's to be done further was the most difficult one as it involved trade-offs which were serious. But as it is said, you have to sacrifice something that you want for something that you want more, I too had to make choices. The protection, knowledge i.e research and insurance were the key choices which were to looked upon in order to mention overall development. I as the Illuminator of the planet tried to first go for protection in few initial seconds. Then as I would see the comet approaching I would do the research and based on the severity increase the research and otherwise would make and update pods. Also based on the severity and chance of hit of the comets, I would take the insurance which would help in reducing repair costs. Preparation for risk would affect development in the sense that if one would use protection, development would stop thus affecting it immediately, insurance and making of pods would exhaust the resources and affected development in a while.I played the game more than once. Initially I was just trying to analyze what and how it is to be done and how can the planet be saved from its main shock hazards. In the first time I just focused on developing the pods without paying much attention to protection and without this the planet would become more prone to comets and thus underdeveloped. Thus the next time when I played I tried to balance it out by using protection towards the start so that it could be saved from comet attacks. Also I made sure that more focus was given to research as well as it would help cut the damage if the comet was hit. The main things that i learnt in the game were that just as in real life we require to manage risks effectively by dealing with these key elements how we can apply in this virtual world and its applicability in the real one.I would like to make a change in this risk horizon game. Although everything is presented simply and in a good format but yet the aspect of the mini game of making community connections to lessen the damage just didn't go well with it. This just seemed really unrealistic in accordance with the risk and there was no way available to be able to prevent or minimize the loss or damage. I would rather propose a very simple change of removing this game and just giving option of rehabilitation, recovery, by exhausting resources. So if one would have good amount of resources, he would be in a good condition and would be able to minimize losses whereas it would be unfavorable for a person with lesser resources. In the place I live, synonymously too this option is applicable that how at the time of hazard, the people are treated, rehabilitated etc to recover from it.