8300073

The game did a good (albeit simplified) attempt at
representing risk management. You acquired knowledge by studying the meteors
and also looking at the post disaster effect on protection and made sure that it was not falling too low. You took insurance when you felt the
disaster would be large enough to warrant it. There was a fine balance between
preparation and development and you had to make sure not to put in too much of
your resources in preparation or development would lag behind. I would put
resources in protection over time by clicking on protection frequently and this helped slow down the impact it had
on development. Once the development was
ahead of the goal for the stage, I would alternatively develop and increase my protection making sure that I was adequately prepared for the next stage.

I played the game twice, once reaching failing at level 5
and the second time completing the game. The main thing I did differently was
not put any of my resources in insurance and instead just managed my protection
and development. I would research meteors with larger damage potential and made
sure my protection was at least up to (or just below) the severity of the
damage as displayed by my research. I spent a while researching to make sure I
had adequate time post disaster to ensure no damage was done to my pods. This
tactic helped me survive without any damage being done and development well
ahead of schedule in all stages of the game. 

If I were to design the game, I would increase the role
insurance plays in risk management. I was able to sidestep insurance completely
in my final attempt and finished the game without using it.  I would program a disaster like terrorism
which sometimes cannot be predicted and planned for (at least the first time it
happens.) There are a lot of examples in the modern world where acts of
terrorism were not predicted at all because they happened in places where they
have never happened before and consequently caught the country off guard. As terrorism plays a large role in my home country, I feel it would have been an interesting addition to the game. An unpredictable, infrequent disaster on which you would have to spend time planning for but you would never know when it would strike. 

 

