8300442

1. The role of risk management was based on some observations I was supposed to do: the impact of each missil, the costs on buildings, research, insurance and recovery. My choices aimed to balance the cost I had among buildings, insurance, research and recovery. Usually I started by choosing the highest insurance I could. Then I spent on buildings, and last (but not least...) on research. The best trade-off I could observe was that highest insurance brought less damage and lower costs of recovery. I observed that there must be too much preparation for risk for some return on development. The proportion was very low, so I needed too much effort on insurance and buildings for some development.2. I´d like to know better about the rules. After the first round I started by makind insurance and later I bought buildings. And last I spent on research. After the missiles attacks I spent on recovery. I learned that more insurance results on less cost of recovery. Also that I´m not supposed to spend on buildings irrestrictly. Sometimes it´s more prudent to save for future expenses. And this doesn´t mean impact on underdevelopment, but best opportunities and results in the future. It´s important to save.3. Even not reaching That score, for me Risk Management was very adequate by this time of the course. It really puts us to think about risk management. In Brazil we have a professor who developed a game called You, the Finance Minister. As an Economist, I would include interest rate, or government and taxes, economic agents, like households, companies and government, external shocks. There are lots of variables that could be included, and so it becomes more sofisticated. The Risk Horizon game indicates some variables which are taken into account regarding risk management, opportunities of investment and recovery costs after some damage. Actually it attempts to risk situations and the variables involved in a risk model analysis and management. If I correlate the Risk Management game with Brazil, I would say that we have risks of external shocks, like the 2008 crisis, but the political and the economic aspects impact very much the social results like crime. Prevention should be a sistematic Project for the country, aiming less risk and more results for development, starting from investments in infra-structure and social efforts on education and health. In the Risk Management game this is quite the same as invest in buildings, security and research. 