8300313

 

The aim of game is to prevent the undeveloped
plots from being damaged by comic. In the game, we can to do three methods to
prevent damage: (1) build the undeveloped plots to developed ones, (2) take
insurance and (3) protect (lift up) the plot. In doing so, we have to manage money
because using money for one preventive measure interfere with the others.
Depending on research, we can decide the best method for the particular time. 

I played the more than once. First, I
tried to use only one method each. I found only one method cannot save the land.
Building developed plots alone is dangerous. When damage occurs, , it is
difficult to repair the plot when the plots are damaged by comic because there
is not enough money left for repair. All the money are used in only one method
(building). Likewise, insurance alone or protection (raising the island) alone
didn’t work, too. Only the combination of all the three methods can reduce the
damage. And, only the combination of all three methods bring success.

In the game, we are given research, time
(3 min), money, protection bar (to raise island), undeveloped plots and
insurance.  Research (knowledge) shows
the severity and the chance of hit by the comic to the island. Depending on the
research, we can handle which method should be used first. For example, in the
start of the game, if there is  no comic,
we can just develop the plots. When the comic comes, we can see research, and if
the severity and chance of hit are low, we can delay to take insurance. While
playing the game, we need to not the time to know how much time is remaining
for the game. From the game, I learned that knowledge is the basis of the game,
i.e. handling the problem. Therefore, I think research (knowledge) is the most important
for the game. Basing on the information acquired from knowledge and the time
available, the necessary operation such as insurance, prevention, etc. can be
done.

If I have the ability to do a new
version of game, I would add some working men in the game. What I want to say
is when there arise a problem these men can work together to overcome the
obstacles. By doing so, the players could know from the game that the coordination and
participation are essential for the success.

 

 

