8300070

Risk reflection

Risk Horizon is, according to me, a tough game. in addition, it was a sensible and innovative strategy game that allowed the player to effectively view risk and how risk management can be instrumental in either building or destroying a family, a community, a country or even the international community.

It presented a simple and comprehensive story that allowed
for all components involved in a risky scenario- a community that is prone to a
recurrent risk (pod village), a serious risk that frequently resurfaces (the
comets), the gaining of knowledge about the risk to gain advantage (researching
the comet),the protection measure, the insurance which covered different
percentage of the damage costs for different prices, and lastly the development
bar which clearly showed that more the pods were affected, more was the
decline in the level of growth of the village showing plainly that development and growth is directly affected by the intensity of poorly managed risk or damage due to risk.

I had to manage the risk factor involved in the game, which
were in the form of comets, which threatened to destroy my virtual pod village.
I had expected the game to test my risk management skills effectively, and it
did so commendably. I felt as though I was the chief of the village and had the
responsibility to prevent or mitigate the risks that could concern my village.

I would not say it was very pleasant, as the continuously
coming risks posed a serious threat to my village’s development and one little
mistake would bring down my development level drastically. Also, I felt a
slight form of the despair and melancholy that the people who face such
scenarios must feel. 

In the first try, I attempted to build more pods to gain the
development level before the comets began striking. This strategy proved very
harmful as I lost the level poorly. I began again, trying to ensure my pods
would be safe before building them. This strategy fared much better.After many
attempts at the game, I believe the insurance was the most valuable of the
options as it allowed for easy recovery. It was the more effective risk
management system as it allowed my village to rebuild quickly after the strike,
due to the reduced cost. Personally, I don’t
know if the protection measure actually extended any help in reducing the risk
or damage to my village.

If I could I would like to add a simple wall or defensive
shield around the village which would last for a certain period of time but
would give enhanced protection as compared to the present protection.