8300588

1. The role of risk management in the game was to give players
the opportunity to choose which risk management strategy to invest in, in the
event of meteor strikes causing destruction of the pods and financial loss. I
would begin to build pods, insure at a rate of 75% because in the long run,
this would save me a lot of money and that meteor strike was imminent. I based
that decision on the fact that I could never be sure that any other risk
management strategy would work and result in 0% damages so for me, insurance
was the best solution that I could take, knowing that community connections was
not 100% guaranteed to save my community.

Aside from that, I also made sure that during development, I
would constantly raise the platform to prevent flooding. I found this to be
effective especially just before the meteor disappears into the horizon.
Research of meteors seems to be effective to decrease severity of the damage
but I managed to go quite far without having to invest much in research.

2. I played the game several times, because I wanted to
implement different strategies. My first strategy was to simply go as far in
the game as I could based on features of the game itself. I managed to go
pretty far by playing based on investing a lot on risk management. In the next
few games I played, I tried taking a lot of risks. I realize that when I would
do this, I could save a lot more money by not investing in insurance and
continuously developing the pods but I would eventually run out of resources
when a meteor causes damages and I am trying to rebuild.

I think the game brings out very important issues of risk
management if one makes the links; I felt very much like a decision-maker,
aware of the resources available, knowing the options I have and doing what I
felt was best. The difference however, is that in real-life, there is a
misperception very commonplace in governments; that disasters are imminent and
our job is to respond when much emphasis and investment should in fact be
placed on preparedness.

3. I would include a contingency credit mechanism that would
allow me more funds to rebuild and to payback little by little after the
destruction.