8301546

To begin with, I would like to thank the World Bank for creating such a game which so clearly defines the process of risk management and the various involved actions to ensure protection against risk. The game was fun to play and it involved a lot of planning and agility if I were to cross level 2.If a participant has to reach or cross level 2 or even survive, the role of risk management was undoubtedly the most essential, It is the same in our own lives, we are constantly facing threats like those comets which appeared every time I thought I was progressing on the development meter. I focussed on slow but steady development along with adequate insurance and protection.Preparation for risk did affect development as I utilised valuable time and money gaining knowledge about comets,insuring the shells and raising protection levels but it ensured that the damage was low and reconstruction efforts were lower so I saved time there and could focus on development again. After a comet or a shock hits us, the only way to mitigate its effects is the cope-up mechanism, and this was aptly depicted by the game. The faster we could cope-up with the community around us the better it gets and the less damage we face. Initially I thought I could keep building the shells and I could cope-up with the aftermath of the hit but after playing the game twice, I realised that I cannot focus only on development. The focus must be on SUSTAINABLE development or development which is protected against risks. If we do not adequately prepare for the shocks that may hit us, we may end up loosing it all only in one hit or one huge shock may take away all our toil and money. I chose to opt for lower number of shells but sustainable ones, I insured all and also provided reasonable protection by raising the height of the island. As a comet appeared,I focussed on it and the knowledge about the comet reduced it severity and chances of hit. The same way in the real world, we must strive to gain all possible information and knowledge about potential risks or shocks that we may face during our course of pursuing an opportunityThe game taught me that RISK MANAGEMENT does not begin with only insurance or development. It is a comprehensive process which continues even after the shock has hit us.Risk management is preparing for the risk by gaining knowledge,awareness,insurance,protection etc. and coping up with the after effects of the shock in order to minimise the damage.If given a chance to modify or create another version of the game,then I would want the shells to be constructed with a higher base so as to reduce the damage without having to take protection after construction. I stay in West Bengal (INDIA) the area is prone to floods and cyclones so it would be better if the initial construction happens keeping in mind the risk of a flood and a cyclone.