8301970

Role of Risk Management in the game:

Risk Management informs us well in advance as to
how to cope up with shock and the impending disaster that is likely to occur
and the measures that one has to initiate to manage the same.  Level I clearly indicate that community connections
are a type of insurance and when the disaster strikes, it is the community that
helps one another to survive and share the experience as to how to mitigate the
disaster.Level 2 emphasis on the power of research about
the movement of the comets and it is better to balance the risk with insurance
coverage. Level 3 lays highlights the fact that one should
look for a cost effective insurance to combat the disaster that is likely to occur.I haven’t played Level 4 to 6.









Learning's from the game:

This game is as good or as bad as the one that
is played by the kids. It was totally mediocre.    There is no intellectual input in to the game.Probably this is a number game and was not at
all impressive. One expects the Bank to be more serious when
such absurd games are placed as part of the study.When disaster strikes, it is either politicized
or the blame game starts and how do we cope with such a crisis. Bank should
have addressed this issue.   









Changes proposed in the game:

The language of the game is complex. It has to
be written in simple English.There are a lot of bugs in the game viz., in the
insurance control, we can only go forward/ higher and not backwards or lower
the cost of insurance which is dependent on the variable of the risk capability
of the comets. The text in Level 3 is misleading as it defeats
the very purpose of risk management. After reaching a certain level, it is pointless
to go back to the start level. Instead the entire level could be timed with an
option to go back to the higher level, instead of repeated attempts as it
becomes very kidy after a few attempts. When you elevate the ground button, the comet
just woomosh, no damage. This is bizarre. 











Bank has been very casual in its approach. In the Part 2 reflection,
Bank says to write a short essay of 400 words and in the Paste column above , it says
it is 600 words. Please rectify the same. 

 