8301159

As all
games, the Horizon Game has an objective to be achieved, some facilitators to
do it and also some constrains to make it difficult. In this particular game,
the objective is to build or construct a village and to make sure that it develops
successfully. The constrains in the realization are some meteors that impact
close to the village and create damage. As the meteors can easily be seen
before their impact, they transform in to potential risks, so managing them is
the clue of the game success. The game offers to the player some tools to
confront the risks in terms of knowledge, protection and insurance. The knowledge
of the meteor  (risk) is exemplified by doing
research on it, which gives the player not only more knowledge about (in terms
of the damage that will create or severity and the possibility of impact or
chance of hit), but also gives to the player more time to make connections once
the meteor has already hit. Connections reduce the damage that the meteor does
to the village. In terms of protection, the game provides a tool that protect
in a long term way the village by rising from the see level. For insurance,
three types of insurance plans are proposed, each more expensive and with a
higher coverage than the other. All that tools help to mitigate the damage of
the meteor, but none of them makes it completely disappear. In terms of
development, there is no tool that help in a short term way. In turn, buying insurance
can have some long term benefits for the development, because it provides a
faster reconstruction of the buildings and also help the development bar to
return to the level it had before the impact. 

Before
starting to talk about my game experience, I need to clarify that there is a
huge difference in the game performance between playing using Google Chrome and
Firefox. With Chrome, the levels of protection are extremely difficult to rise,
so any meteor damage is really high. With Firefox instead, the player has the
chance to increase the protection bar and the damages are easily mitigated,
also with the help of the research.

After playing
more than once at this game using Chrome, I have made a clear change in my initial
strategy: buying the highest insurance. At the first play attempts I only
bought insurance in case of a really damaging meteor was coming. After some attempts,
I started to take the insurance ( the highest one) not only if a very damaging
meteor was coming, but also a medium damaging one. The big learn I have made
during this activity was that insures can be useful even if the damage is not
so high, because they help you to recover sooner from a bad event, and that is always
helpful in terms of the development recovering. 

Using Firefox,
the need of buying insurance is not that big, because the protection and the
research are effective. Even thought, having insurance is always helpful in
case of a risk of great damage. 

Thinking a
better way to present risk management in the game, I think the Chrome version
should be taking in consideration. With this version, some risks (meteors) are
not possibly mitigated by the player, no matter how many research or protection
he has tried to get. I think this is not a good representation of the reality,
and does not exemplify the reality. 