8304214

I did this game for several
times. Before I finished my second week study, I started this game for the
first time. According what I learned from the first week, I knew "risk
management" is important when disaster comes. I think I can finish at
least one level. But the result turned out to be I failed
unexpectedly.
So I started to watch the videos and read the martial. Finally,
I passed the second level. Even it is the extraordinary score, I have
tried my best. What I have gained from this game are as following: 
1.knowledge is important.
English is not my first language, so it is difficult for me to understand the
instruction of this game. Such as, people should make effort to get the
knowledge about the "risk management". Nobody get this kind
of knowledge by birth. Energy and resources should put into this kind
of learning.
After I failed the second time, I started to re-read the instruction carefully
and tried my best to understand every sentence, not the "main
idea". After the reading, I found I hadn't understand how to
"protect the community" before I started play the game which is one
of the main reason leading to my failure.
That is the example about that even people knows the importance of the “risk
management”, but still fails to implement. According to my experience, the cost
of learning the instruction is necessary, and the benefit from the
learning is much larger than the damage I suffered from the game. But I will
never realize it before I failed two times. 
2. Banlace is the main point of game
from this game, I think "management" is the thing about "balance".
In order to survive in this game, people should balance time and
resources, building and protection, researching and insurance.
In the first level, I didn't feel money is limited. I can do what I want with
enough money. So what I did is to buy the insurance first, because I know
clearly some risk I can't avoid. My researching and protection are not enough
at the beginning. I have to choose take the risk. The "insurance" is
the main factor to relieve of the damage and recover as soon as possible.
In the second level, money becomes limited. I have to make choice when I should
buy the insurance, when I must increase the protection, when I need upgrade my
pods. At that time, money always is shortage, I have to wait for the money
increasing to the lowest limitation, but comets were never waiting for
me. I can't imagine how other people can make it under this condition.
In every level, time is always limited. What impressed me most is I
can't do research and upgrade pods at the same time.
I did enjoy when I saw "no damage" appear after a comet hit
the ground. But I still feel helpless. When I did research, and found the severity
is higher than my protection. But there no enough time to let me decrease the
severity or increase the protection before the comet hit the ground.
It is a pity that I cannot finish the fourth game. I cannot imagine how
difficult it will be on the forth level. May it be possible, that the game
become easier, because all the jobs did in the precious level make a virtuous
cycle in this game?
I still have a question about this game. After comet hit and the damage came
out, I would have some time to arrange the coverage of the insurance. There
will be several yellow balls on the screen. I don't know how to move it to my
pods. Does it appear randomly?

