8304965

The risk management game is an incredible resource
to assist students to understand the importance of risk management as an
instrument for development, and to experience first - hand through the
simulation that we can obtain more benefits as a result of a proper risk management
approach, whereas in a family, community, or country. I will focus my analysis
of the game on the key insights contained in Box 1 of  the WDR 2014 report overview. 

Taking
on risks is necessary to pursue opportunities for development. The risk of
inaction may well be the worst option of all. There was
obviously a risk associated with living in the geographic location where the story
of the game unfolds; however, despite the risk of being hit by the waves, building
and upgrading pods was also necessary for the development of the community. The
more developed the community (Alora) was the more resources I had at hand to
confront risks more efficiently and effectively. For instance, I had more money
to purchase a better insurance and augment protection. Not doing anything at
all, was not going to prevent the comets from hitting and therefore would leave
the community more vulnerable in case of a comet strike.    

To
confront risk successfully, it is essential to shift from unplanned and ad hoc
responses when crises occur to proactive, systematic, and integrated risk
management. Taking proactive action was key to
managing risk successfully, I anticipated the risks and prepared by investing
more time in research to gain more knowledge about the threat, that allowed me
to prepare better by augmenting the level of protection in accordance to the
severity of the threat and at the same time, it also allowed to prepare
purchasing appropriate insurance to speed up recovery when Alora when the
threat was more severe. My systemic approach was research, insurance,
protection, and investment in community development. 

Identifying
risks is not enough: the trade-offs and obstacles to risk management must also
be identified, prioritized, and addressed through private and public action.
Identifying the obstacles was also extremely important. One of the main
obstacles I faced at times was the lack of monetary resources and lack of time
to implement the necessary measures to confront risks more effectively. Thus,
prioritizing trade-offs was a hard task to do. I had to prioritize between
upgrading pods to get more monetary resources or purchase an insurance that
could help to speed up recovery or invest in augmenting protection for the
island. Finding the balance between all those prove rewarding, when I could get
through the threats with a more developed community facing minor or no damages
at all. 

Shared action and responsibility at different levels
of society. The role of the community in shared action and responsibility
represent a great asset to mitigate damages in case of crises. The development
of an extensive network prove very useful in providing support amongst all
community members and minimized the damages sustained in the community as a whole.
That could also be interpreted as the role of  a responsible Government providing and
enabling an environment for shared action which facilitated the support to the
most vulnerable people.  

To conclude, one element that I would add to the
game is time. A separate bar or within the research information box showing how
many seconds are left before a comet strikes. That could be helpful with time
management to establish and address priorities. I also suggest not restarting
the game when you do not pass one level, but to pick up the game from the last
level cleared. 