8305540

Risk horizon is a game that I need to apply risk management to overcome levels of this game. The task of game is developing the community by building and upgrading pods. However, It is not so easy, during the time I develop the community, there are a lot of comets shock that cause wave to hinder the development. To protect the community from loss I have to strictly follow a risk management plan including: Knowledge, protection and insurance. The first power I need to concern is knowledge that is obtain information of comets. I have to look out into space to find information of the chance the comet hits, the time until impact and the severity of the comet. By observing the comet, I gain knowledge of risk and the more I learn the more time I have to cope with risk. However, I have to trade-off time for it. Beside knowledge, it is important for me to build protection again the comet. When I increase the level of protection equal to the severity of comet, I can prevent the pods from being damaged. Protection is so important by it takes me not only time but cost as well. The third power that can help me cope with the risk from comets is insurance. Buying insurance can help me quicker and cheaper rebuild damaged pods. Moreover, Insurance also recovers lost development time after my pods are repaired. Insurance can really help a lot but like other powers, it also costs much. Understanding the cost and benefits of these three powers, I acknowledge that I should combine all three powers to gain best opportunity instead of focusing on any single power. For example: if I pay too much attention on knowledge, I will have to spend a lot of time on it. As resource is limit, I will not have any time to build and upgrade pods as well as investing in protection and insurance plan. The consequence is I have more time to cope with risk but loss still occur. Instead of that the loss can be eliminated better when I find a way to combine these three powers at an optimal point. The loss will be reduce as I have knowledge of comets so I have time to prepare and cope with the shock. The shock will also affect pods less due to a good protection plan. In addition, pods will recover cheaper and quicker thank to insurance plan that I invested. It can be seen that all three powers are so important that we should not ignore any of them.Through the game I find out that risk management has several components including: knowledge, protection, insurance and coping with risk. Knowledge can help us reduce uncertainty, protection can help reduce size of loss and increase benefits, insurance can help us utilize resource better to cope with risk. Hence, risk can be coped better to reduce loss when we take all components into account to figure out an optimal risk management plan.   