8306158

Role of risk management in the gameThe role of risk management prior to completing this activity appeared to seem an easy balance.  With the theories that have already been presented, it was hard to imagine why for example certain countries such as India could not move forward and implement recommendations.When  I played the game, I then understood that risk management involves a balance between becoming knowledgeable, having the appropriate resources amongst established communities, research strategies and using insurance to help alleviate or cushion shocks which would happen from time to time.As I moved forward in the game, I realised that community involvement along with further development assisted other "pods" when damaged.  The insurance taken alleviated much of the payment towards damages.  Through constant development of my "pods" I was able to minimize risk although it was expensive to do.  There were even times, I too, thought the asteroid would not hit based on my own behavioural bias'.  I often risked further development and relied heavily on insurance.  It was inevitable at least one of my "Pods" would be damaged.  The question regarding the amount of money needed to fix my "Pod" was more of a concern.  I also saw that the other developed "Pods" I had established provided support to the other damaged, under developed communities, thus damages were minimal based on cost-benefit analysis.I was lucky enough to only play the game once reaching the desired Level.  Quite honestly, it was very stressful, managing funds, ensuring communities were developed, forecasting the likelihood of a disaster and purchasing insurance.  What I have learned during this activity is that the key to overcoming obstacles (shocks), is ensuring that information is available to all concerned, provide adequate resources,  be realistic with design and implementations, and build foundations through policy development  that are constantly being revised over time as changes need to be made based on circumstances.If I were to develop a second edition to this game, I would ensure the instructions provided further clarity.  In addition, I would like to illustrate further how "pods" helped other under-developed communities.  I would change the meteor concept and perhaps have individuals on an island stranded and they would be required to learn how to live off the land.  Through a first initial shock, one would become knowledgeable in understanding the shock, determining the probability and establishing appropriate measures to alleviate/cope during future shocks.  In short, risk management in my community is important to me.  It is about community connections, helping each other to survive in times of need/disaster and sustaining these connections. These ongoing connections have proven to be valuable throughout the years.