8307466

Process and result of the game   I played the game for three times in total.   In the first time, I even didn't pass Level 1.I invested so much in undeveloped fields that I didn't have spare money to buy insurance and improve protections. Losses were great when comets came. And I didn't have money to repair. Therefore I can't accumulate enough wealth.   The second time I reached Level 5. With high coverage of insurance and high protection, Iosses were quite small. I always reach the limitation early to ensure I pass the level and then develop more. However, I paid no attention to time. So when limitation was higher at Level 5, I hurried up and failed at last.     I failed in Level 3 during my last try. I upgraded fields as soon as I had enough wealth so that I could accumulate more later. But I couldn't retrieve investments when time was out . It seems I can't balance between stabilization (that's to say, achieve enough wealth before deadline) and development (earn as much as possible but at a risk of failing).Choice and balance of the three aspects  The three ways of risk management (knowledge, protection and insurance) cost differently from different aspects. Knowledge costs time since I can't do other things when observing or researching. It slows down the development. Hence I only observe when the changes of being hit are high so that I decide whether to improve protections. Protection costs both time and money. I choose to improve protections to a higher level in the beginning, and adjust according to the result I observe,especially when the security level is low. Insurance costs money at first but repays a lot. The strategy I take is to buy high coverage insurance at low levels. Cause the possibility of being hit is higher. High coverage insurance reduces losses and repair costs. It also accelerates the speed of repair. So I can recover faster and better from the hit. With the development, the  insurance can have less coverage since protections are highly improved and I can undertake the consequences of being hit.  In my point of view, risk management is as important as development in the early stage. This may slow down the pace of development but provides insurance for further development. As we can see, many cities in poor countries don't have enough resources, so they can't undertake the losses of risks. In this way, stability is of vital importance. When wealth and resources are accumulated, they can take risks to achieve more.   In a nutshell, risk management is a considerable and useful tool in terms of avoiding risks and reducing losses. As the course mentioned, the benefits of risk management far outweigh costs.Feedbacks  I still don't know how to prolong time of the game, the instruction is vague. What's more, I don't understand what I can do when comets hit.   If I am able to add a new aspect besides knowledge, protection and insurance, I will choose technology. It is different from knowledge, which puts emphasis on preparation and prediction of risks. Technology is a complex element which involves both developments and risk managements. We have to invest in it, just as developing fields. In return, it accelerates development and amplifies the earnings. What's more, high technology improves protection and the speed of repair.  Though risk managements have changed from technical to strategic, I still regard technology as an indispensable aspect, especially for those developing counties and unknown risks. Considering the complexity, we still need a lot of research before adding the variable quantity into the model.