8307868

1. Risk Management is an integral part of this game as its requires rights actions to be taken at the right time due to the time constraints and the limited resources of funds given. While playing the game there were several areas to be considered that is the associated towards insurance the comets and the other dangers possible. The most important threat was that of the limited time which influenced quick decisions and sometimes the game to spoil because of the lack of the time. There are several requirements to be fulfilled while playing the game. They are as follows:a. Time managementb. Effective planningc. Risk forecasting and efficient planning to overcome themOne of the important indicators for the game is the insurance which enables the protection of the pods form the deep damages and acts as a source of risk management at the time of the fall of the comets. 2. I have played the game several times to understand the knack of playing the game. I have learnt that the game can be only played through proper planning and effective time management. However i have been able to only play for till the second level. I realized the fact that the insurance plays a predominant role in saving at the time of the hit of the comets and its very essential to keep developing the pods as they are always the source of increasing the points.I had realized that the game could only go forward if i made effective utilization of the available as they need not be saved. and must be fully and effectively used. 3. The game is an effective one which helps in analyzing the various aspects of the risk management effectively. However if i had to develop a new game it would contain more effective features of visualizing risk and having better options of improving the conditions of risk management I would aim at developing better sources of developing better risk management tools for the purpose Therefore i can say that risk management is an effective tool forecast thereby control risk in an given scenario.Risk management not only forecasts risk but also suggest measures to control and reduce them so that the disadvantages of them can be reduced effectively. Nevertheless it seen that there are several means of risk management They are as follows:1. Risk Avoidance2. Risk sharing3. Risk Transfer4. Risk diversification5. Risk planningThere are several steps in the risk management process:a. Identification of the objectives: In this stage the objectives of the organisation or the country should be seen.b. Determining the various risks associated  and thereby risk identificationc. Identifying the various available alternatives for effectively controlling the identified risksd. Evaluating the various risk alternatives e. Choosing the best among the available alternatives that best suits the firms or the countries needs and objectivesf. Determining the Risk management policyg. Determining the Risk Management Strategiesh. Adopting the risk management plani. Monitoring of the planj. Review and changes made on the regular basis according to the need and objectivesThus it can be concluded that risk management has been the need of the hour today nations, firms and globalized organisation are aims at designing measures through which they can effectively control the risk and the uncertainties as they have become one of the major reasons for the fall of the several nations and the countries. Today the world bank and the united nations organisation is predominantly aiming at this protection of nations form such risk and uncertainities effectively. 