8307876

1)   
The role of risk management followed by me
during the game was from the following details:

Risk management is the identification, assessment, and
prioritization of risks (defined in ISO 31000 as the
effect of uncertainty on objectives) followed by coordinated and economical
application of resources to minimize, monitor, and control the probability
and/or impact of unfortunate events[1] or to maximize the realization of
opportunities. Risks can come from uncertainty in financial markets, threats
from project failures (at any phase in design, development, production, or
sustainment life-cycles), legal liabilities, credit risk, accidents, natural causes
and disasters as well
as deliberate attack from an adversary, or events of uncertain or unpredictable root-cause.
Several risk management standards have
been developed including the Project Management Institute, the National Institute of Standards and
Technology, actuarial societies, and ISO standards.[2][3] Methods, definitions and goals vary
widely according to whether the risk management method is in the context of
project management, security, engineering, industrial processes,
financial portfolios, actuarial assessments, or public health and safety.

The
strategies to manage threats (uncertainties with negative consequences)
typically include transferring the threat to another party, avoiding the
threat, reducing the negative effect or probability of the threat, or even
accepting some or all of the potential or actual consequences of a particular
threat, and the opposites for opportunities (uncertain future states with
benefits).

Certain
aspects of many of the risk management standards have come under criticism for
having no measurable improvement on risk, whether the confidence in estimates
and decisions seem to increase.[1] For example, it has been shown that
one in six IT projects becomes a 'Black Swan', with cost overruns of 200% on
average, and schedule overruns of 70%.[4]

 

2)     
If I had to play the game i would use the
following strategy:

For the most part, these methods
consist of the following elements, performed, more or less, in the following
order.

1.   identify,
characterize threats in game

2.   assess the vulnerability of critical assets to specific threats

3.   determine the risk (i.e. the expected likelihood and
consequences of specific types of attacks on specific assets)

4.   identify ways to
reduce those risks

5.   prioritize risk reduction measures based on a
strategy

create value – resources expended to mitigate
     risk should be less than the consequence of inaction, or (as in value engineering),
     the gain should exceed the pain
 be
     an integral part of organizational processes
 be
     part of decision making process
 explicitly
     address uncertainty and assumptions
 be
     systematic and structured process
 be
     based on the best available information
 be tailor
     able
 take
     human factors into account
 be
     transparent and inclusive manner.
 be
     dynamic, iterative and responsive to change
 be
     capable of continual improvement and enhancement
 be
     continually or periodically re-assessed
3)    The change which i
would propose for better risk management choices would be as follows:

It involves:

1.   identification of
risk in as a fully selected domain of interest.

2.   planning the
remainder of the process of the game

3.   mapping out the
following:

·        
the social scope of risk management is as follows:

·        
the identity and objectives of stakeholders and players
of the game.

·        
the basis upon which risks will be evaluated constraints.

4.   defining a
framework for the activity and an agenda for identification

5.   developing an
analysis of risks involved in the process.

6.   Mitigation or
solution of risks using available technological, human and organizational
resources.

When either source or problem is
known, the events that a source may trigger or the events that can lead to a
problem can be investigated for example: confidential information may be stolen
by employees.

 

 