8307807


    Risk Horizon challenges the player to facilitate the economic development needs of Alora while, simultaneously, ensuring that effective risk management measures are in place. Resources have to be allocated to these needs accordingly. 
    The biggest challenge of this game is ensuring that rapid economic development is taking place while making adequate allocations for those measures which protects the subsequently created pods (infrastructure) from comets (natural disasters). Therefore sufficient allocation must be made for both ex-ante measures (protection by increasing the elevation of the settlement, insurance and research regarding the potential effects of a possible impact) and ex-post measures (coping) such as reconstruction of the pods damaged by the natural calamity. The need for the ex-ante measures is pressing as the threat from comets is perennial. Therefore procrastination with regard to these disaster management measures is suicidal. 
    The greater the economic development (read as number of pods), the greater will be the potential hit from a natural calamity. Therefore the policymaker (player) has to ensure a certain degree of proportionality between the expenditure on economic development and that pertaining to risk management.
     In terms of choosing between the various options which are available with respect to risk management measures, I found insurance to be the most important one and, therefore, my first action in any level was to take the highest level of insurance possible. I found that the benefits of the same far outweighed the cost incurred in taking it as damage was certain at every level and the cost of rebuilding the pods would be the same as that incurred in the original reconstruction of the pods if insurance was not taken. Also the pattern of comet impacts was such that one was certain to happen at the very end of the level and this event’s impact would almost always be massive. Without insurance, it is very likely that one will have neither the resources nor the time to reconstruct all the pods and hit to the development bar, in this scenario, is a big one and one cannot make a recovery sufficient enough to make it to the next round given the paucity of time after it. 
     I would rank insurance, protection and knowledge in that order in my preferences in this game. In a real life scenario, I think knowledge would precede protection in terms of importance primarily because knowledge is protection when knowledge is defined in broader terms and helps find ways to protect oneself. I played the game multiple times and I found speed of action as something that needed improvement on my side and this is what I focused at each successive attempt. I also increased the amount of research I did as it was a neglected area in my initial attempts. I found that I did not need to panic at the sight of every comet. This helped me better focus on economic development. This tells me that knowledge about potential risks and calamities helps me to focus on my strengths better. 
     I thought the game was one dimensional in terms of the source of risk. I think adding at least one more potential disaster would balance the game better and more aligned to reality. The disaster I propose is earthquake. The trade-off could be in terms of the quality of building materials. The higher the cost of the building materials, the better it would be at withstanding the earthquake and even comet impacts.