8307859

The game helped us  to understand the measures we need to consider when we are about  to face a risk.The insurance  was  a factor which saved the player from losses. so, it was widely able to understand the role played by insurance in managing the risk.From the game, it was able to understand the tactics to be followed , so that can be protected from various attacks.From , the second time, played, i was able to understand, how the comets to be seen.and the pods to be developed. The insurance factor is also considered to be important.The game, help each and every student to identify the risk involved and the steps to be followed in managing the risk.The game taught us on how the pods to be developed,and is that beneficial to develop on each pod, and how those pods to be connected.The insurance policy to be taken depends on the risk factor.Depends on the risk, type of insurance and the amount to be chosen.And as the pod is developed the policy rates also increases on the development of pods. In order to protect the island, various other measures were also brought up by the player.Risk management ensures that an organization identifies and understands the risks to which it is exposed. Risk management also guarantees that the organization creates and implements an effective plan to prevent losses or reduce the impact if a loss occurs.A risk management plan includes strategies and techniques for recognizing and confronting these threats. Good risk management doesn’t have to be expensive or time consuming.Risk management provides a clear and structured approach to identifying risks. Having a clear understanding of all risks allows an organization to measure and prioritize them and take the appropriate actions to reduce losses.A financial institution should ensure an adequate risk management structure exists within the organization. Some institutions have a separate risk management department that is responsible for overseeing the areas of information security, business continuity planning, audit, insurance and compliance. Regardless of the particular structure used, the institution should ensure that lines of authority are established for enforcing and monitoring controls. These risk management functions should play a key role in measuring, monitoring, and controlling risk.Market RiskMarket risk inherent in any investment is the risk that the investment will not be as profitable as the investor expected because of fluctuations in the market. Market risk involves the risk that prices or rates will adversely change due to economic forces.Credit RiskCredit risk involves the possibility that one of the parties to the contract will not perform on its obligations. Credit risk comprises risk of loss resulting from counterparty default on loans, swaps, options, and during settlement. Securities firms are faced with credit risk whenever they enter into a loan agreement, an OTC contract, or extend credit.Liquidity RiskLiquidity risk is the risk that a party to a securities instrument may not be able to sell or transfer that instrument quickly and at a reasonable price, and as a result, incur a loss. Liquidity risk includes the risk that a firm will not be able to unwind or hedge a position.Operational RiskOperational risk is the risk that improper operation of trade processing or management systems will result in financial loss. Operational risk encompasses the risk of loss due to the breakdown in controls within the firm including, but not limited to, unidentified limit excesses, unauthorized trading, fraud in trading or in back office functions including inadequate books and records and a lack of basic internal accounting controls, inexperienced personnel, and unstable and easily accessed computer systems.