8307818

Reflections about the Game

Management of
risk plays an important role in this game. It was in fact it was a challenging
experience to learn how risk management is important for one’s healthy development
through this game. The tutorial provided assistance in learning about the game. Being the luminator of Alora, the task of developing this community by
meeting certain milestones in the ways was really hard and thought provoking.

Before
considering about building the pods one certainly needs to ensure adequate
measures like sufficient amount of cash is there with us. It was necessary
throughout the game to balance risk with and development. And the time
available to make sure this risk protection was limited.

Alora falls
victim to falling comets, these comets hit the water and cause waves that slows
down the development. So it was certainly necessary to balance between growing
the community and preparing for these potential shocks.

The power to
look out into space and learning the chance of the comet hitting, the time
until impact, and the severity of the comet helped to analyse the different
scenarios and take appropriate measures on time to overcome it. By doing
research we could come to know the measures taken in different periods of time
to mitigate the risk and helping boosting protection.

By undertaking
insurance protection which covers  75 %
of the risk can  minimize the chances of
being hit. It also helps in reducing  the
cost of repairing the damaged pods. Before considering each of this decisions
we certainly have to consider the limited availability of resources. It needs to
be put into best possible usage.

First time players
may find it difficult to access the amount of risk involved and possible
consequences faced if hit by the unforeseen factors, but given a chance to play
again one can certainly try to do more research and ensure adequate protection
for meeting attacks of damage based on previous experiences.

Main things
learned from this game include strategies to be adopted in different risk
situations, measures to be taken in such situations, knowledge about different
ways to manage risk etc.

If given a chance to develop a new
version of game we could probably include the role of self-help groups within
the community who could probably pool adequate money and help each members with
the group financially in times of need. They could also take up a group
insurance policy to anticipate and manage their risk. They could discuss within
the groups their past experiences of risk and share within their group

 