8307814

This game teaches us
the how to manage risks. In fact, it was incredibly challenging and the level
of difficulty kept increasing. It taught us how crucial it is to research on
risks as well as take preventive measures so as to protect oneself. The tutorial
educated me on how the game is supposed to work. It gave me an insight on how I
was supposed to go about this game.As the luminator of
Alora, the task  was to ensure there was growth in the Land of
Alora and see to that there is advancement in the society by building pods and
making the environment is safe from meteors. The levels were excruciatingly
difficult but the upside was that, I realized how risk prevention was very much
required in today’s world as our world does indeed face crisis on an everyday
basis.Before we start the
construction of building pods, one of the most important things to keep in mind
is to be sure of the cash we have in hand. Investment amount is vital for
growth and development. I learnt how to strike a balance between development with
risk and alos the amount I needed to protect Alora. The obstacles that hindered
the growth of Alora were the ever falling comets. These comets careen in to the
waters and cause waves that destroyed the existing pods. These pods were
insured against the damage caused by these mighty waves. With due research, the
comets could be avoided. The adequate research would help us know whether the
comets would strike or not. This showed that the community had to strike a
balance between the betterment of the society or community as well as the
potential meteor showers., I couldn’t
get a hang on the game on my first try. With restarting the level I realized my
mistakes and started making amends immediately. I started raising the land so
as to protect the community from potential meteors. I continued to develop the
community, but did more than enough research on the pods. When it was hit,
insurance was used to cover the damage and did my best to make sure there wasn’t
much damage or the damage was close to nil.Research played a key
role in learning how the mysterious meteors worked. I got the chance to educate
myself on them and also to take adequate measures to mitigate the risks and
possible damages that they would/had caused.When I played the game
for the second time, I started taking a higher rate of 75% insurance policy so
that the damages caused, started costing less. It also minimized the risks on
being hit by the meteor shower. All these measures had to be taken after
contemplating. It’s not possible to take up strategies without thinking. I had
learnt how to put my available resources in the best possible use. Also I learnt
how to manage time because time played a crucial role in this game.













If I were given a
chance to modify the game, the research that was being provided would give put
more information, that will help us learn more. The time constraints would be
slightly longer. A meteor shower, though not unrealistic, it’s still not the
kind of risk that one would face on a regular basis. So in order to make the
game more relatable to our daily life, I would more real life situation. Also I
would add another item wherein, we could gain more money so as to protect
ourselves and will be able to pay for the damages.