8307862

1. The role of risk management in the game was to save your city from the comet hits that would destroy the location. There were two options one was insurance and other was increase the level of city to prevent it from damage. Early stages we take less amount of insurance because if the comet hits also it causes less amount of damage so that could be recovered with the amount. And moreover the amount spent on initial foundation is also less. This increased level also prevents it from getting damaged. if the bars shown is more severe then the attack is also most damageable.there are three components that can help to reduce the severe attack (1) Research,(2) Protection, and (3) Insurance. These components are very beneficial for the game as these help to reduce the under water attack that causes problem in building the community.The power of research is to look out into space and learn the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and the severity of the comet. The power of protection is with the severity of the comet, will prevent the pods from being damaged. By obtaining insurance, the damaged community from flooding is quicker and cheaper to rebuild. Insurance also recovers lost development time after the pods are repaired.2. Initially my aim was to save the community by just getting it insured but as i played further i understood that only getting the community insured will not save or help me proceed further but i had to take help of the research and even protection. Earlier my strategy was only take 50% insurance but that dint help much throughout as further when the level increased there was more need to increase the insurance amount and make it 75% so that the level would be crossed. By using the three powers in concert with development, has helped to create a healthy community and create a Luminator legacy! The only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance among all three. The best strategy is only that all the weapons are used accordingly and only factor cannot save the hit and the city from being damaged.3. The one that i would modify in the game is to decrease the insurance amount and the comets were coming at a very uneven frequence so i would have changed that and even to exaggerate more risk  i would include one more component of water waves hitting the community and how to overcome that would be a challenge for the players. As they would have a distributed risk among the waves and quake.