8307840

Risk
management is the identification, assessment, and prioritization
of risk followed by coordinated and economical
application of resources to minimize, monitor, and control the probability
and/or impact of unfortunate events or to maximize the realization of opportunities. Risks
can come from uncertainty in any ways, threats from project failures
 legal liabilities, credit risk, accidents, natural cause and disaster as well as deliberate
attack from an adversary, or events of uncertain or unpredictable root cause. Our task was to develop our
community to the best of our ability while meeting certain milestones along the
way. Milestones are indicated in the developing bar. so according to that we
have to upgrade the pods. Each pods will increase the rate of development.

While Balancing
Risk for development I had a lots of hindrance because it was toughest and I
have to make balance between the growing community and with the potential
shocks. But still using device I felt difficult to understand the level then
after continuing or playing more than once I understood about the research,
protection and insurance. After playing continuously I learnt about the
severity of the comet and I was more Focusing on research and it was helping
for the protection from the damage.

I played
more than once where it took time for me to understand the game as well as
about the levels. so after some time I used some insurance and the protection
and I was properly segregating the pods and created according to the amount
what I had and I was aware of Damage so accordingly I played with lots of focus
into the game. Mainly I went wrong on the damage the pods where this stage was
difficult for me and especially the 4th level .where the pods were
damaged continuously and I had a difficult time to increase my wealth because
of damage and time limit. so from this I have learnt how to manage the wealth
according to time or any kind of obstacles in life. how to be prepared for any
kind of situation in life and to be focused in any situation.

Next the
changes I would like make the levels where if we lost in any levels again we
have to restart from the first level so it was very difficult again to restart
and it was time consuming were some people will lose their interest while
playing the game and moreover I will increase the time limit and even the
wealth so it will be more interesting to play the game.

 