8308006

1.      Role of risk management in the
game is to identify numerous factors that contribute to risk of a disaster.
Crashing of comets resulting in the formation of Floods that wipe out the pods
resulting in damage based on the severity of the crash. In terms of knowledge,
we had to study these comets in the form of research to minimize the impact it
makes on the ground. This helps in controlling the damage. In terms of
protection we had to raise the ground above sea level in order to protect the
pod town from floods. This raising of land incurs cost which are quite
expensive. In terms of Insurance, in every level I had a little excess budget.
This extra money was used to buy insurance that covers at least 33% of the
total expenses incurred on damages. In
order to prepare for risk I made sure there was an equal overall development
where each pod was developed simultaneously. Research also played a vital role
in preparation of risk of disaster

2.     
The first time I played the game I merely concentrated on development of three
pods. I ignored the rest of the empty plots thinking if I concentrated on few I
would better handle the process of Risk Management. But as the pods developed
the cost of repairing them also sky rocked. So at the time of disaster it
became impossible to manage allocation of funds for repairs. Also I never paid
much attention to insurance schemes that would help me at the time of crisis.
So it became difficult to manage funds and the whole coping process after
disaster was a disaster. When
I restarted the game I pooled all my financial resources to all the plots. I
developed each pod in such a way that there was an equal growth. When disasters
strike I had enough funds to repair the pods. Also, I made sure I subscribed
for insurance as my funds increased and made sure I had enough funds in each
level or stage that would last me for the given time. This
game is trying to teach us how to be Aware of various risk management practices
that are at your disposal when you pursue anything. Here it was the ground
level, research and insurance. Not only this but also coping after the disaster
in the form of repairs. Research is INFORMATION which is key. Insurance is also
very important for managing risk effectively.

3.     
If given a chance to redo the whole game I would add Population of the town to
make it more fun and interesting. Also few more Flood prevention measure. This
can be River training, drain cleaning, redesigning drainage system to harness
water run-off. The
river training helps save people’s lives at the time of disaster, flood in this
case. Drain cleaning and solid waste management is key to reducing the levels
of floods which helps control the severity of this disaster. While population
is the new feature of the game, importance can be given on Educational
institutions and Universities where Research undertaken to study these risks
and to discover all the ways in which these disasters can be prevented by
continuous study and research in the field of science.

 