8308091

Risk Horizon game reflect to the risk faces by everyone and every countries. The role of Risk Management in the game is to protect Alorna from regular natural disaster, hitting by comet and flooding. with good knowledge through series of research will help us to measure what types of risk and its impact and severity, in this game understanding more about the habit and characteristic of the comet, then by that we can develop the right strategy and implementation for protection. Through appropriate protection, increasing the ground level to avoid from flood is necessary. Taking protection actions need resources, then we need to really have a good level of protection of measurement, to make sure that we put the right action and investment (not something fancy  things that beyond the needs), but just right or be realistic in developing the strategy. Preparation  will give immediate impact by avoiding flood, but also after some times, when the comet missed and no flood. at the same time it is also affected to the development (pod) because its increased the regular cost (resources needed). Through a good knowledge (research) of the comet characteristic and measurement of the severity and frequencies, the insurance purchase can be choose based on the severity of potential damage made by the comet. it is also need a good knowledge of the obstacles especially related to lack of resources obstacles in this game, prioritizing the resources without have to jeopardize the environment and pods.in this game, I choose to invest more on pods construction and having minimum insurance purchase (the lower level) considering the possibility and severity of the hit of comet based on the research.   I think, it should be done in simultaneously between all aspects such as building pods those that can generate income, to conduct regular research gathering the information and knowledge that will support in decision making on what next to be done in regards of preparation, insurance and copping.  it will be good to calculate also the cost and benefit analysis between having regular pod or up-grade one, in-term of cost invested (178 to upgrade the pod) and added value received from that.Conduct research on how this building affected to the preparation stages. In general, the game reflect what is risk management. I would make some suggestion on the game such as: more information on how much each pod will give income, is there any impact of having the expanded level of pod, I am still don't understand how to establish the connection in this game. 