8308381

In the game the planet was faced with a major systemic risk of natural disasters whereby there was a chance that the planet would be hit my a comet. The role of risk management was to prepare the planet by building and upgrading ponds, investing time in research to know more about the comets, investing funds in insurance in case the comet does hit, and coping with effect of disaster by effective and fast engagement with affected communities.A number of trade-off I was confronted with. Firstly in terms of limited funds and whether to spend them on improving the ponds, or on insurance, or on protection. Secondly, in terms of time whether to spend it conduction research and acquiring knowledge about the comets, or building and upgrading ponds, or increasing the protection level. Furthermore, spending time evaluating the potential risk and prioritizing given its possible severity. The main thing that I learned from the game is that risk management is a process that needs constant attention and time dedication. It cannot be a once off phenomenon and the process needs to be often revisited and revised to suite changing conditions. The pay-off may not be immediate but they are much more beneficial than presently incurred costs. By firstly doing a trial run in the tutorial option, I realized that building and upgrading ponds was crucial because the impact of the hits were not as severe and costly. Investing in insurance also provided a financial relieve when needed. Although it was costly and sometimes seamed unnecessary when I looked at my finances, in my mind I though if the comet hits I am financially stable at the moment and can cover my damages. Carefully studying the comets, they severity and possibility of hit also encouraged me to make realistic and effective decision with regards to sometimes limited resources on hand. This is a very sophisticated game that vividly illustrates the role risk management plays in society. However, if I were to change the game I would make it more believable and closer to reality. I would rather have to build a city where I can visually see a building being destroyed. Maybe it is too harsh but the truth is, this is exactly what happens in reality, so we need to face reality and get a wake up that "protection is better than cure". 