8310628

1. The role of risk management in this game is to protect Alora properties from damage of several falling comics while still ensuring their development goal (properties increase). Depend on the likelihood of comic falling and their impact on Alora, I choose how much to invest in research, insurance or protection. If their likelihood and impact are small, I invest less on those preparation measures and vice versa. Once a comet appear, I will choose research first (invest in knowledge), then decide to invest in insurance and protection after getting information.The trade-off I have to confront here is limited resource (money) and time (time for game over is so quick by the way). I try to invest on pods (upgrade levels of pods or build new one) whenever there's no comet thread. Otherwise, I will focus on risk management like research, buying insurance or lift the Alora on higher level.2. I do the game for many times and the more times I do, the more I try to save resources (i.e buy insurance at reasonable amount, lift the Alora at small higher level...) and the sooner I try to get research on the comic falling.The main thing I learn from the game are: - If the impact of falling comet is in high level,  Invest in protection (lift Alora in higher level) could bring about large scale effect for risk management (reduce more loss than the case of don't invest or buying insurance). It can apply to the case of invest in public goods (infrastructure ex.) could get more social benefits if there occurs systematic risk.- In the case of many threads occur in short time, Invest in a limited number of pods and focus on develop them will be safer than the case that I invest in larger number of them. It links to the reality that if people are so diversified in investing in insecurity environment, the loss could be more serious because they are unable to protect all their assets at once.3. If I can change the game I would give more scenarios on deep uncertainty (the Duo of Doom situation in the game is very interesting one). The reason is that deep uncertainty could cause massive or highly serious impact on developing communities while we have rarely chance to practice on risk management in that situation          