8314687

Risk Horizon game: reflection exerciseThe role of risk management in the game was important to achieve an efficient long development for that community. I had to choose between different community development options and risk management activities. Those activities involved prevention measures, insurance choices and research tasks. In order to have a successful risk management policy, First, I decided to invest strongly for the higher development of the community and then I balanced the need of prevention and the need of knowledge. Resources were limited so I chose to postpone insurance for a more developed community in the near future with higher potential losses. It is clear after this playing this game that preparation for risk affect development. In the game this was very useful to reduce significantly the damage over the community in the immediate present. It allowed a sooner recovery after the disaster and a faster development of the community after some time.I played the game several times because I did not find it easy at all. At the beginning, I was too worried for risk and invested too much resources on prevention measures, research activities and insurance policies. This strategy was not successful because resources were diverted from development and the community did not evolve in a proper way. So I decided to change my strategy and I invested more resources for development at the beginning. This meant to reduce the resources available for insurance policies and prevention measures. However, investing in research was not resources consuming so I kept doing this every opportunity I had. Results showed that It was a more successful strategy for risk management and the community developed faster and healthier. I learned from this game a very important lesson: there are many strategies for risk management available and none are success guaranteed. There is not only a single way to achieve success in risk management. Every context need a different strategy and we have to be able to change our approaches to deal with threats and opportunities. However, policies for risk management are fundamental to ensure a stronger and prolonged development through prevention, knowledge, and insurance related activities.If I were tasked with developing a new version of the game I think I would add another option for development, not just pods. Other change could be to create more real risks for communities, such as floods, earthquakes, violent conflicts or climate change effects.