8315260

Risk
management plays a very important role in the game.it help me to teach how to
manage the risk in most efficient way. The game comprises the concept of risk
management in all the levels, thereby giving me an eventual exposure of diverse
stages of risks and their after-effects. A strategy game that inculcates within
itself the challenges that could be symbolically related to the instances in
our daily life. The tutorial given for assistance helped to learn about the
game more in deep. Being the luminator of Alora, my task of developing this
community by meeting certain milestones in the ways was really hard and thought
infuriating. It was a very challenging game as it empowers us to take
assessments and take the right amount of risks by investigating on them. By
building pods, the rate of development would increase and thereby making the
environment much safer.

Before
considering ever building the pods we certainly need to ensure suitable
measures like appropriate amount of cash is there with us. It was necessary
throughout the game to balance risk with and development. And the time
available to make sure this risk protection was limited. It is indeed really
important to research on the risks that come our way and ultimately develop on
a protection plan to minimize the damages from it. Insurance is also a key
element in the game, as it ensures and safeguards the land from major damage.
It will be cheaper and quicker to rebuild the pods after damage. Striking a
balance between them all and performing each action with utmost care was indeed
a very challenging task.

While
playing the game, it was also important to do proper time management as we had
a time constraint in developing the land of Alora and also to protect them from
the waves caused by the meteors. So within the stipulated time, good research,
protection, development and insurance against the damages were to be done in
the best possible way. Good research was mandatory as it educated us with the
performance and the severity of the meteors and how it could affect the
environment. Preparation of risks also helped in money management. Building the
right number of pods with the given budget and also to insure them was a
decision that we had to take after much observation and thought.

 By undertaking insurance safety which covered
75 % of the risk we could decrease the chances of being hit. It also helped to
reduce the cost of repairing the damaged pods. Before considering each of these
decisions we certainly have to consider the resources since its availability is
limited. It certainly needs to be put into best possible usage.

 Playing the game for the first time you will
certainly find it difficult to access the amount of risk involved and possible
consequences of it you may have to face if hit by the unforeseen factors, But
given a chance to play again you will certainly try to do more research and
ensure adequate protection for meeting attacks of damage based on previous
experiences. Main things learned from this game include
strategies to be adopted in different risk situations, measures to be taken in
such situations, knowledge about.

If
I were to develop a new version of the game, I would have made it comparatively
more genuine by introducing real life situations of protecting a city or
environment and have hindrances and risks in relation to the real-life
scenarios. I would have also introduced few other concepts in which the players
could make some money as they deal with damages.

 

 

 

 