8319787

MY REFLECTIONS ON THE GAME

1.      What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

 a.      A typical life situation that one can think is considering man with or without challenges. Of course, there is no man without challenges, indeed challenges occur because there are opportunities around. Therefore for opportunity to be harnessed challenges must be surmounted. There are beds of roses anywhere in the world; something must
trade-off for another, even in situation of neither life nor death. The word
risk manifest wherever there are existence of men, but it’s the effective
management of challenges that makes the difference. The same
is applicable to this game: here is an Island that is persistently beseeched by
a destructive comet likely to submerge and cause monumental damages at the slightest
display of ignorance; it is only the proper application of the components of
risk management which is inevitable at this point that will save the Island, which includes; knowledge, insurance, protection and coping.

b.      At this point what must be trade-off
include: time for acquiring enough knowledge throught he tutorial before
playing the game, exchange of cash for insurance and the efforts involve in re-enforcing
protection during crises of like hit by a comet. Also, during such crises
period development is usually traded-off for protection.

c.       Initial preparation for risk will definitely
hindered and slow down development; these preparation include getting the
appropriate knowledge, saving enough money for insurance and making adequate
arrangement for protection but after that it is expected that development of
new and repair of damages will be spontaneous and fast.

2.      If you played the game only once, what would
you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played
the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

I attempted the game once but given another
opportunity the difference will be that the level of apprehension I had
initially will reduce and my resilience level will equally be increase to face
the uncertainty.

3.    The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

a.    The changes
I would have make could be in ensuring that the tutorial is more explicit in
very detail, explaining every sequence and then presenting a different scenario
in the real game to be play using the lessons learnt from the tutorial.

 b.    The risk
management choice depends on challenges that rear themselves at any point in
time. Some of the major challenges include, bomb scare and kidnapping.

However,
some of the changes I would like to propose include the fact that everybody
should be made to understand that the security of our lives lies largely on our
hands, not just the government and the security agents, therefore anybody that
sees anyone or activity that requires the attention of the security agent
should report immediately. Also, people should at all time carry electromagnetic
field in them that can easily be used in tracking them by security agent if the
need arises under kidnapping situation.