8319602

1)    Put aside all the technical glitches I do
believe this is a great game and yet simple that stimulate the brain to look at
risk management as a portfolio analysis. Unfortunately because of the technical difficulties that many
of us encountered at the beginning of the game, some of the intentionally built
in functionality such as diminishing return when increasing protection were
lost and were confused with technical glitches.
The
role of risk management in the game was to show us how to strategically
leverage knowledge, protection, and insurance when undertaking risk management.
In other words how to use a multivariate approach to risk management. Winning
any level entails thinking fast and making quick decision based on information
provided by knowledge gained through research and choosing an appropriate level of protection. There is a level beyond
which there is a diminishing return with increasing protection. I chose to
conduct some preliminary research when comets are approaching but did not spend too
much time doing that. Given the outcome of the research I tried to buy
protection with a safety factor by raising the protection level of the island one or two
notches above the incoming hazard level indicated by the result of the research. I bought insurance for 75% protection. So my main focus was on protection. In terms of knowledge, the trade-off I confronted was to not spend too much
time by researching all incoming comets but rather rely on existing information.
2) This question is kind of
hard to answer because of the technical glitches encountered. I played the game
about 7 times. The first three times were on a computer that was not responsive
to the protection level interface radio knob. I could only reach level 2. Then
I changed computer to a faster computer and was able to reach level three
though the protection interface was responding but slower. A new version of the
game "Unity" was posted on Thursday. I tried that version with the latter computer and I was able to reach level four on the first shot. My
success what characterized by the fact that I was able to use the protection
interface knob and therefore buy appropriate protection with a margin of safety following outcome of research result. As I tried to
reach level 5, I noticed that the protection level was not very helpful. I will attempt to play again at my leisure time if I am granted access to the game beyond the course.

3) If I
were tasked with
developing a new version of the game, which allows me to change or add one
simple thing, I will change the sliding protection knob to a simple table of
protection levels with associated cost showing choices that pops up with a simple mouse click allowing me to pick a choice for a
given level of protection rather than trying to hold down the mouse on the
radio knob -which is time consuming- to increase the protection level. This will allow me to devote more
time to research. Indeed, throughout the game I wanted to spend more time doing research which I realized will inform a better decision, but I was not able to do so because I believe the protection interface was not very effective. It could also be that I missed some concept embedded in the game or that there are other technical glitches preventing a proper functioning of the protection level knob.