8319919

           In this week 2, our aim was to play the game “Risk Horizon” and try to reach the highest level we could – being 6
the maximum. In this game we have to develop and take care
of the world Alora, which is constantly target of different kind of comets. 

                While developing our community,
we have to research about comets that are threating it, we may take precautions
or insurances of different levels. If the comets hits, we have to take care of
the consequences of it. Repairs are needed, more precaution must be taken and
especially research. Not forgetting to keep developing our community, as it not
also improves its lifestyle as also improves its communication, as a precaution
to the threating comets.

                A game will never show us how
real case scenarios are or could be when facing a threat; However, this simple
game show us how difficult it must be, as it might be a simple game, but not
easy at all. Managing the funds of the community along with time and threats
can be quite challenging. Playing the game a few times was enough for me to
understand that we can not approach one concern more than other. Developing the
resources of the community and researching about threats are equally important.
One can not substitute the other. Neither can insurance take place of
precaution. We have to divide our funds, time and worries in everything, as
they do not substitute or compensate one for other but complement each other,
being interconnected and essential.
                Reflecting around this
topics and the challenges of the game, we are able to connect it to real life scenarios.
African countries and developing countries in Asia, like India or Bangladesh,
for instance, face this hard challenge every day, every year. All this
countries, some more than others, are threat every year with such disasters as
floods, fires, hurricanes. Most of them face poverty and hunger, along with few
resources and low funds. So, we put ourselves in their shoes by playing this
game. If they have low funds and resources but are constantly threat by all
kind of disasters, new or old, how can they face that? They have to get
priorities.
In the beginning we are such as those countries, poor and with lack of
resources and knowledge.  So, when are
able to get resources, we should, even if it is not much, it is a start.
However, threats are priorities. When a priority is detected we have to research
about it, get to know the severity of it, if it is avoidable. The more we know
about the threat, for example, a hurricane, the more we can do. This way we can
start preventing the community, so everyone can start to get ready for it, we
can create insurances for communities, communities can help each other to avoid
bigger lost. With knowledge we are able to inform the community so they can
prevent or, and, also take insurances. That way they will be able to cope when
it strikes. This is exactly what happened in Bangladesh, thanks to knowledge
they could do all this, prepare and cope better when a hurricane was about to
strike. This way, they are also developing their country and improving their
lifestyle and decreasing lost and mortality.

                Without knowledge nothing is
possible, is the biggest lesson of this game. If you do not have information
you can not do anything, neither to prevent or cope with consequences, neither
to develop. Without knowledge and developing you can not even pass the first level,
in the game, but also in real life. 