8323342

The Risk Horizon Game is a well designed game which encompasses the different components/concepts of the course, namely protection, knowledge  insurance and coping.Coping with risk management can only be effective once the three other concepts are well applied , that is both in terms of planning/financing but also in a timely manner.In the game,  to develop the community, it was  important for me ( as player) to first get the maximum information on the risk involved here the comets :  severity, chance of hit, research. At the same time as the comets intensity varies, decisions need to be effective in terms on how  when to invest.At some tome , when the chances of hit of the comet  was low I preferred to construct more rather than investing in insurance. However when the chance of hitting/severity of the comets were high I raise the insurance to the maximum, that is 75 %. That proved fruitful as very often I was getting " NO DAMAGE".The decision to rise the height was equally important all along one game level and gave positive results. When severity of comets were to be low, there was no urgent need to invest in raising the level: then as possibility it was better to either invest in more development .As we go along the game we learn the drawbacks/advantages of the different options of investment: whether to invest in more community development or insurance/height . Moreover, playing more and more games will allow me to get more information on the comets, analyse them, may be differently with more experience and will be in a better position to tackle them. As mentioned in the video in week 2 ,    "a stitch in time saves nine". After one game I started thinking whether this game/or something like this say a volcano or cyclone or drought can turn into reality. I came to the conclusion that for most of these disasters, the SAME PRINCIPLE  of Risk management will apply. The same components will be involved:  protection, knowledge  insurance and coping with similar level of disasters: severity, chance of hit, research . I'll then have to plan and formulate the investments bearing in mind that all investments have to be understandable, , readily acceptable by the population ,effective and timely.I live in a small island, named MAURITIUS, in the Indian ocean. The main calamities regularly hitting the island are CYCLONES ( 2 per year, in the month of December - April) or DROUGHTS ( once every say 5 years). None of these calamities can be  forecasted by the meteorological services. I'll take the case of DROUGHT calamity and adopt it to the game. I'll add a component of cropping pattern which the player ( who can be a farmer) can manage with instead of the rising the level of the land against waves as in the game. The comets will be replaced by rainfall/droughts spells of different intensities against  which the farmer will have to insure his production. The higher he goes in the level, that is the better he is managing the risks, the more he'll earn as a result of better production and he can increase his areas (instead of  building pods) and plant more value added crops. It will be a very interesting and meaningful game which will allow the farmer understand, assess risks (cyclones) and cope with it.