8325759

Coordination and balancing of
resources in risk management

By: Nguyen Duc Tan

The
nature of the Risk Horizon game has heightened the need for further
understanding of the role of risk management in the development. The game
indicated that if we fail to plan or balance knowledge, protection, and
insurance, we fail to manage risks effectively. By using the nature of the Risk
Horizon game, this essay argues that the coordination and balancing of
resources is very important in the process of risk management for decision
maker. 

No
one can deny the importance of risk management when playing Risk Horizon game. In
any community, especicially in developing countries, development is always under
scare resourses. How to develop the community under scare resource why meeting a
limited or controlled milestone is likely a headache for any decision maker. In
the game, the risk management is very important since it requires player to identify
the priorities for quick action under scare resources before the comets hit
water and cause waves damaging the pods. For example, the player has to decide
what needs to be taken immediately: Research, Insurance, or Protection (as I
refer to as “RIP”). For me, I played this game first time and focused heavily
on Protection at first, then could not move to level 3.  Therefore, identification of priorties of
action is a key to risk management, otherwise obove RIP is likely a kind of “
Rest, In, Peace” for the community.

If
I played the game second time, I would do differently by focusing more at first
on research since knowledge and information are very crucial for risk
preparedness. I have tried the research and know that it definitely increases community’s
capacity in their connections against repeated shocks. The key things I have
learned from the game is that decision makers and community should try to do
any actions which cost less to prevent potential shocks before they cost and
that Research should come first to save cost and life. This is also a key
message from the game: “Everything we do has some cost, whether in time or
resources”.

I
am not alone in my view that potential risks and shocks are diversified in
terms of impact. Therefore, if I am tasked with developing a new version of the
game, I would add at least two more risks into the game. The more risk the game
has, the more capacity for risk management shall be likely to be improved. The
first risk is that there is no money left and decision maker has to think about
how they can mobilise and engage limited resources from the target community to
protect themselves. The second risk is that the comet will hit the community
directly. In that case, evacuation and temporary relocation of community can
arguably be a better option.

This
short essay has discussed the role of risk management via the Risk Horizon game
and argues that generally good coordination of resources under limited time
frame and resources is a key to good risk management. The evidence and
implication from the game suggest that Research, Insurance, and Protection
should be prioritised under specific conditions based good research. More risks
should be added into the game to diversify the risk management options to help
community be better at confronting any potential threats in future.

 