8325013

The game focused on the preparing for and coping with the outcome of the potential risks that were demonstrated by the comets. I was allocated a certain amount of money every few seconds depending on how developed my city had become. This money was in turn available to either re-invest and further develop my city, pay for insurance or pay for protection.The choice I made was to always save enough money first of all to pay for either level 2 or 3 insurance, then the remainder was spent on development, with any remaining money (under construction/upgrade cost) being spent on protection. I paid the higher amount on insurance so I wouldn't incur great costs even with little protection, This for me was the trade-off, I could either choose high insurance and low protection or, low insurance and high protection. In order to pay for either protection or insurance, this would slow down the rate of development because the opportunity cost of expenditure on those means there was less money available to invest on development. Also, if money was spent on protection, this would stagnate growth completely (hence why I preferred insurance over protection and why I would only spend on protection when I had reached the growth goal for that level.)I would only spend time on research where I had a reasonable level of protection, had already paid for insurance and didn't have enough money to spend on upgrades.I played the game twice, first time I reached level 4 and the second time I reached level five (only losing because a comet hit and did 20% damage with 7 seconds to go!) The difference was that in the first game, I focused much more on protection rather than developing my city. This makes me realise that not all efforts should be put on dealing with risks because it may adversely affect other things such as growth. There also needs to be a lot of balance, it is possible for countries to grow while also protecting themselves from any future risks. If I were to re-create the game, I would create different kinds of risk that have the inverse severity/chance of hitting as the comets meaning the player would would to allocate appropriately where his costs would go to. Another idea would be to have a random 80% comet that hits at any one point between levels 1-6 and if the player hasn't implemented the appropriate measures in that level, it would inflict a massive amount of damage. This ties in with what Erwann said in his video talk about having a short memory and just because we forget what may have happened in the past doesn't mean we shouldn't be expecting it. 