8326175

Risk Horizon was an enriching experience as it involved managing multiple resources to tackle shocks and to reach development milestones for the Alora community.The game has been very successful in inculcating almost all of the risk management lessons in a simplified manner.  Various interlinked factors of risk management were effectively represented in this strategy game, which gave a real time experience. I confronted multiple trade-offs against the development of the community as represented by the development bar, through constraints in both time and money, which had to be spent for preparing against shocks on research, protection and insurance. These measures slowed down the rate of development of the community, but have been instrumental in coping with shocks in a very efficient manner. The game was fairly simple and it was easy to design a strategy involving decisions on the major trade-offs, after a testing first attempt. I kept on recollecting risk management lessons I came across through the examples in the  video lectures came to us as I could relate features in the game to knowledge, protection and insurance. The community connection which lead to risk sharing also helped in reducing the  damage, a feature that I read in the videos. help me better understand these features and my perception of them also changed as I identified their role in developing the community by managing shocks and tick off development targets within the time. Similar to all role playing video-games out there, Risk Horizon also involved taking decisions after looking at the consequences of various choices, with no provision of going back. The game has been successful in helping me better understand various aspects of risk management through application and the obstacles to risk management too such as time constraint and wealth constraint. It has captured all the interlinked factors of risk management.I belong to sub urban area which is dry and there water scarce during monsoons when rainfall is low. Although the community in the area has all the right incentives and access to information like weather forecasts, we fail to learn from our experience and happen to suffer from short term memory loss. I would like to add a feature in the game which will remind the player of a previous blunder he committed thus helping him tackle a shock in a smarter manner. Also, there should be a feature that would update an individual with the latest techniques and also provide them with few of those that can help them in managing risk.