8327868

The role of Risk ManagementTo be honest, the risk management was the core of the game - there is no development without risks and the opportunities they bring. In the game, we had to create the world of Alora by building and upgrading the pods, while being aware of the risk of the meteors. The tools we had in our hands were protection, insurance, research and coping.  I played the game quite many times in order to understand what is the best combination of development, protection, research and insurance and I learnt that the main thing was to keep the development process on while doing the research or while protecting Alora. Insurance was the added bonus with what I could not go without, even though, I did not need it’s benefits - it only  gave that secure feeling about the future. Nevertheless, when the shocks (meteors) hit, the community connections and research were the ones that saved Alora from destruction - if those would have been missing, Alora would have faced big setbacks in development and overall risk management.  In risk management, it would have also been called coping, but it also illustrated the importance of the community being connected and working for the same goal due to the fact that knowledge was acquired and implemented about the possibility of the shocks. The more research was made, the more time was given for coping and networking  - showing that acquiring knowledge beforehand and acting according to that knowledge in the future is important - it helps to protect the communities from the shocks, it empowers the people to do their best at protecting themselves and their communities in a timely manner. It helps to prepare and become more resilient.  Furthermore, it is important to mention that the effects of insurance, protection and knowledge were long term - therefore, in risk management, it is essential to act before things happen, to create resilience. Nothing happens overnight, therefore it is important to stay prepared, informed and ready to act when something does happen. May it then be in 2 or in 20 years - the fruits of those actions will be seen then and not in the next 3 minutes. If I were to add something to the game, I think I would add some puzzles that make development faster or slows it down if answered wrongly - to represent that sometimes personal choices can ruin the developmental goals faster than external factors like the meteors. That would add some more twist to the game. 