8328304

Risk
Horizon-Game

When I started playing the game I felt strongly to understand
the basic nature of the risk of Alora Island i.e. the comets hitting the
island, the data relating to the frequency of the comet hits, severity of the
damages caused and the research done in this regard, thus establishing a balance
between preparing for the risk in developing Alora community but also thinking
about the different tools available with us. In the beginning itself I realised
that I had limited resources at my disposal and it was not enough to rely on
insurance after knowing the fact that I  needed to invest on protection also because
insurance covers part of the damages caused. On the other hand if I spent too
much on building and upgrading pods then my community was exposed to comet hits.   

The game gave the feeling like “sandbox of God” where everything
could be controlled except the chance of getting damages to the island. As
there were limited resources, there was a tension between spending upfront on
risk management (for shocks that could hit the future but could not hit) or to
spend on other development priorities. While playing the game, struggling to
get past level 4 made my concepts stronger and logical such as prioritizing the
things to be done, to view micro and macro aspects of life, what does it mean
to have control over the resources and visualisation of the result fills one with
all the feeling of fearful, thrilled and anxious kept me vigilant. 

As the game started, I was given with 1000 $, 3.00 minutes,
an island and a beautiful sky (with no comets of course). My first objective
was to build the 4-5 pods as quickly as possible. Gradually, I filled the whole
island with pods and developed them all. During the building time of the pods, I
put my all effort to provide the protection as much as possible. As soon as
comets came in the view I researched them for severity and chances of hitting.
If the comet hit then I tried to cover the damages done already by clicking the
green fog on the pods. I used to cover the risk by protecting the pods first
and to get them insured at the third level when the chances of hitting were
more. As the pods were growing in some very beautiful structures, I was more
inclining towards protection and insurance both. 

The lessen given by the RiskHorizon game was that development
is first, development, research and protection are simultaneously second and development,
research and insurance are simultaneously third. All the risks always cannot be
covered or controlled but it can be minimized by the wise and experienced
vision.

I played the game many a times. To begin with I depended more
on the facility of insurance for protecting the community/island but with this
approach I was left with little resources for investing on development,
protection and research. Then after I started to build and upgrade as many pods
as I could and provided proper protection to them within the given the time
limit and before any chance of the comets hitting and damaging. Simultaneously,
I kept on watching on the movement of the comet, their severity and chances of
hitting the island so as to take a decision to select a proper size of the
insurance cover at an appropriate time.

The better version of the game may provide parallel research
option with the development and protection of the pods.