8328004

 This risk management game teachers the player to evaluate
risk, through assessing probability and severity of a shock, this being a form
of knowledge gathering. It also teaches the player to prepare for the shock,
through acquiring protection and insurance. Lastly, it shows the player how to
cope with the outcome of a shock, using the wealth to fix what has been
affected, and shows how insurance lessens the hurt of that shock.  

 In order to get to level four, I had to first do research on
the potential shock. I had to assess the potential severity of the comet and
the probability that the comet would hit me. Depending on those two factors,
severity and probability, I would make the decision of how much protection I
would need and the amount of protection and insurance to buy. I consistently
purchased the highest level of insurance, 75%, when I had the finances to do
so. However, when I was limited on funds due to miscalculation of how many pods
I could plant/upgrade I was at risk of not being able to cope with the outcome
of a negative shock. I had to do a quick cost – benefit analysis, how much
insurance  protection could I buy while still making positive development
choices. I had to purchase enough insurance and protection but also have enough
wealth to develop or risk losing the game. 

 I played the game twice and experienced the same outcome,
failing at level four. I did not change my tactics at all during the two games,
which explains the same outcome. If I were to play the game again, I would have
began the first level with less insurance, 50% instead of 75%, and spent more
wealth on development and protection. The game taught me that all sections of
the risk chain are important in being successful in risk management and development.


 If I had the opportunity to add to the game, I would have
added another form of protection. It is clear that lacking resources is a key
obstacle to risk management. However, given sufficient resources, both physical
resources  financial, a person increases their ability to prepare for risk
and cope with the outcome as reflected in the game. That being said, I would
have added an additional protection resource would have given the player, me, a
better chance to avoid a negative shock and/or cope with the outcome of that
shock. 

