8330635

Question: What was the role of risk management in the game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk affect development (immediately, or after some time)?Answer: Preparation for risk have positive trade offs with development after some time. Spetially protection.Question:  If you played the game only once, what would you do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What were the main things you learned from the game?Answer: In my case, any asteroid made any damage cause I had a good level of protection and I had good grow level also. No changes I would madeQuestion: The game captures, in a simplified way, some aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in the place you live?Answer:  I´ve being living in some developing countries and htey face a lot of cultural issues lin developing. It is not a trade off betwen protection and development but is the concept of development itself that must be understood.  What is development (in the game) to build more and more houses??  Those young men in the World Bank usually study in a Unniversity and afterthat they thing they can give lessons to everybody but they don´t know about live, and still less about the live in development countries.  Do they really thing that with this stupid game they are going to theach anything?? Any young man here in Veracruz can pass this game easily, and aftherthat, this person will spend all of his money in a party or wathever silly thing because he/she do not understand the purpose of the life itself and why it really matters to grow and protect theirselves.  Imagine: here, you can die everyday in the street because the war betweel the drugsdealers is dangerous. You can go to work and return and see your wife and children dead. Also there is an insurance that you can buy to protect your house from an huricane. Do you think you will act rationally about the huricane insurance? In order to psicologically survive you will need to think that risk does not exist that nothing will happens (maybe because the hollymary protects you or whatever)  Then you will not be rational with the risk management.