8330386

Risk Horizon Game is a meaningful game for my risk
management skill. I am very delighted to play this game although the results
are not as good as I expected. After finishing this game, I learned useful ways
relating to this course: the decisive role of risk management, the solutions
for risks, and the experience of risk skills.

The role of risk management in this game is very
important. We need research to find out the chances of hit and the severities
of Alora. Therefore, we can predict to decide whether paid for insurance our
buildings or not. Thanks to researching ways, we can protect our assets from
the damages. We also take advantage of time to create more and more houses. Risk
management can help us prevent from the attaches of enemies by using pollutions
in the game. For the knowledge of Luminator of Alora, we can read the tutorial.
That is the theory for us. But when we actual play game, we can see it is very
hard for us to control the Alora. However, we try to play game many time, we
can relize the ways to limit them. For the protection, we have to create
quickly the small and medium buildings suiting to our budget. We must remain
the power of them, we needn’t to upgrade them but the big energy helps us safe.
For the insurance, we use to click the insurance button at the bottom left of
the screen to open the insurance purchase menu and select a plan.

If I played the game only once, I think I would get no
grade at all. In that time, I didn’t understand clearly the game, so I am sure
that I would fail in the first level. Alternatively, If I played the game more
than once, I can see the ways to play this hard but interesting game. I have
more experience to prepare the risk. I have more time to get my buildings and
fix and protect them perfectly. I think we just develop or improve when we have
experience, when we suffer from something. That is the message this game has
given to us. That is the useful idea we learn from this course of risk
management.

If I am tasked with developing a new version of the game,
I will have the clearer tutorial. I will create the playing sample for gamers. Some
colorful themes and exciting sounds will be added. For the content, I don’t
have any complain.

In conclusion, I feel pleasure to play this Risk Horizon
Game. I learn a lot practical lessons after playing this nice game. I hope the
administrator will have more exciting games like this game for learners feel
less bored. Thank you very much.

 

 