8333453

A balance had to be created between growing the community
and preparing for the potential shocks of the falling comets while meeting
certain milestones along the way. Research was most important to gain more
knowledge, getting information on the risk in order to make judgements. The moment
that there is development, insurance is of utmost importance in an area where
there is a clear threat that has the potential to damage properties. Preparing
for risk, such as doing research and updating knowledge increased financial assets
which in turn stimulated more development. 

I realised that developing the pots, buying insurance
the moment there is enough money and keep on doing research increased my chances
of winning. After the first time, I realised that I should spend more time on doing
research in order to be prepared for the risk of a shock of falling comet with
a severe hit. I learned that one cannot attend to only one tool of Risk
Management, but rather put all necessary measures in place to plan for the
risk. It is difficult to do research and trying to develop at the same time.
Therefore it is important to have the necessary resources in place, such as
human capital so that all aspects of the managing of risk for development are
addressed simultaneously and no time is wasted. As such, one is more prepared
for the impacts of the risk and at an earlier stage before it is too late and
too much damage is caused. When you are prepared, it is easier to cope with the
effects of the threat. I also learned that one has to be realistic when making
decisions around risk management and rather build foundations for risk
management without trying to solve the problems once and for all. The lack of
resources and information is an obstacle that can cause a lot of damage. 

I found it difficult to pass level three. Even though
I did research all the time, developed pots, obtained insurance at an early
stage, lifted the slider to raise the island, the development bar did not turn green
from red which did not make sense to me. I would bring in an element of coping
in the game when the comet hits and there is severe damage. I would also change
the activity of community connections to before the comet hits instead of
afterwards. In doing so, the support received from communities will enhance the
capacity to prepare. 

