8334915

It is easy to see that only building pods and not spending any money on protection / insurance / knowledge is not enough for healthy development. At any time shocks can happen and destroy much of what you already had. The role of risk management is to minimize, or at least reduce, the losses caused by the meteors.It is definitely not a easy task to choose between building, knowledge, insurance and protection. Money and time were the main obstacles in the game, so planning what to do and where to spend money was a big thing while playing. The first two times I played, first thing I would do is to buy the 75% insurance plan, but that would leave me with not enough money. After a while I figured that maybe saving some money on insurance and investing on protection would have a better result, because when protected, the meteors sometimes had no damage on the city - I guess insurance is important but you have to balance it with protection. When you are well-protected you don't need that much of an insurance.Choosing on what meteor to study was also a tricky task. There is a need to balance the chance of hit and the potential damage of the meteor. After a while I figured that even if the meteor had huge chance of hit, but its potential damage was much lower than my protection, it would be better not to spend much time on it, and study other meteors with higher damage. Besides that, there were faster and slower meteors, hard task. - Balancing the potential damage and the chance of hit is crucial for knowing what risk to study, and it is an important and hard task.One thing I would change about the game is how the damage occurs. When the meteor hits and there is not enough protection, all pods are affected about the same - destroyed by a percentage. It does not happens in real world. For example, in Brazil there are many floods. Sometimes the poor looses 100% of their assets, while the rich doesn't lose anything. Maybe if the smaller pods were affected more then the bigger ones, or the other way around, or even just a random distribution of damage, instead of even, that would represent better how the risk affects the society we live in.