8335869

Level achieved: Lost on level 4 on several attempts.

 

Learnings: 

1. - Shocks will happen.

2. - Even if severity is not
too high the impacts will affect.  

3. - Resources are limited;
you cannot invest in all of the tools at once. 

4. - Fast decisions have to
be made. 

5. - Communication is vital
to decrease the shock after a crisis.

6. - Having insurance is
cheaper than not having one. The point is having a balance between the one you
need and that which you can afford without compromising money destined to be
invested in other mechanisms. 

7. - Being aware of the
insurance is very important.

8. - Time result to be your
enemy at one point. 

 

Strategy 

1. - Having a balance in spending
on all the tools to minimize the impact of the shock.

2. - Investigating all the
meteorites to determine which will be the impact of each one of the shocks. 

3.- Once I achieved the goal
I spent everything on more on protection and improving the buildings.

 

Key elements of the game.

Knowledge

Knowing what the impact of each shock is vital on the preparation.
Investing in knowing the effects represents only a fraction of the money
speculating on the costs of the shocks or overprotecting (which also slows down
the development). 

 

Protection 

Protection is never enough, and the level of protection decreases on
every impact, so a constant investment on protection has to be made. Protection
also minimizes the effects of the shocks. Investing on protection do not sound
like a very a good idea because it freezes development which is necessary to
advance to the next level, never the less is vital to keep buildings from being
over harmed and therefore investing more money on reconstruction.  

 

Insurance

Without spending on insurance it is impossible to succeed in the game.
Without it expenses of reconstruction go sky high and the money available is
not closely enough to reconstruct all the buildings after each shock.
Eventually, such as spending on knowledge, insurance pays for itself and result
a very cheap decision. 

 

To define which of the tools mentioned previously on the essay is more
important is impossible. While I at first thought that insurance was the most
important I kept paying the most expensive one, even if the level didn’t have meteorites
with a lot of harm or probability to hit. The same happened to me with the
protection. I kept spending on protection and not achieving the goal because
time was not enough. I believe that the most important learning from this
exercise is that decisions have to be made ad
hoc to each one of the crisis, integrating all the tools available and
giving for granted that all the meteorites will impact, and the most important,
investing wisely the money to reduce the impacts of each shock. The role of
risk management is the fundamental idea of the whole exercise. The game
consists on calculating how much will the impacts will affect the village and
which tool has the higher benefit for its cost. 

