8338896

The game is full of risks, including both opportunities like building pods, and possibilities of loss like getting hit by the conets. If we don't develop, we can't get enough scores to win; if we develop without protection, the possibility of getting hit is huge, and the loss is certainly bigger. The time is limited so the problem is clear. The game is not hard, but every measure we take will bring risks we can't estimate.
However, we have the ability to manage such risks by building protections and researching. So the game exposes the importance of the balance between development and protections to us. Risk-managing decides the scores. 
I played the game for two times, the first time failed in Level 1, but the second time ended up at Level 6.  
When I played for the second time, I soon found that the faster we build up protections, the easier it is to play for a long time, because when we get to higher level, the conets become quicker so harder to avoid, with the rapid growth in ammount. But if the protection is enough, we no longer need to emphasize researching on the conets. It saves a lot of time. Building protections is a long-time plan.
Second, make buying insurance the first thing to do. Most of times we may think the insurance is unnecessary because the risk of damage seems too small. But getting hit can't be avoided forever, and the loss would be huge then. As my experience exposes -- my pods were damaged only once, but this time everything seemed to be extremely hard to charge, the money to repair was expensive and the conets came continually, hardly left no time. And the condition got tougher as the levels raised. But insurance helped me recover soon.
Developments help to win, but protection help not to lose, which is indeed more important. So, take most time to develop to win, but never enable damages to happen without protection. And when the protections are enough, the time and money for developments become more. So managing risks actually is, I say, the chance of becoming vibrant. As I perceived at last, the charge of time and the attention paid to the flood and conets choose whether we'll win. 
However, I think the game is lack of a society. If I could change the game, I would put in the interaction between two computers, we wouldn't know what move the other would make. So we have to rely on the interaction we have and the fundations we offer to each other. I put this in because risk-management in real life isn't about one person only, at most of times. We have others or communities to help us or interrupt us. For example, I live in China, and the huge population makes chances like jobs or degrees less.
PS: Thanks for viewing my reflection:-) I'm not a native English-speaker, and I'm still a high school student. It's the first time I write so long an essay. So I hope the expressions won't bother you much.. Thanks for understanding!! :)