8338636

Risk horizon is an interesting game which is
not only for relaxation but also teaching us lessons through playing. For many
hours playing this game, I have experienced unforgettable time as well as
knowing why risk management is so important for our lives.

In this game, the role of risk management has exposed. It is
showed that risk no matter what they are can setback our development if we don’t
have an adequate preparation. While building pod, I have to
prepare for the impact of comet to alleviate the damage. Before balancing
between protection and insurance, I must know information about the next attack. Whenever the severity is high, I will try my
best to raise the village out of the surface to against the waves. And if the
hit chance is high too, I may buy the insurance to minimize rebuild cost by sharing
damage. However, protection is always the best choice of mine because I think
insurance is just to ease the damage after shock but protection has the long
term meaning. Because of this, good protection for a long time before the hit
is the best preparation and so that it affects after some time. In contrast, if
the comet goes to fast that I can’t have protection on time, using insurance in
this time is the best way, and so that it affects immediately!

Actually, I played this game more than once, because the
first time I can’t overcome the third level. After that, I realized
that I was too confident in believing insurance.
Although the rebuild cost was decreased by sharing risk from
insurance package, it still led to the decrease of developing village while
protection could help the situation be better with no damage. At closure, the main things I have learned are we should
prepare in both short term and long term. For instance, while building and upgrading
your village, you should also build the shield day by day for your own. Preparation
and development should be hand in hand. Besides, knowledge is the key of success.
Knowing the severity and hit chance from the prediction of the comet will help
us more proactive and find the initiative to cope with risk.The game is a small simulated version which shows some
aspects of risk management in a simplified way. In my opinion, I want to
develop this game by adding many comets which
players can’t predict the severity or hit chance, or it may predict wrong. This
surprise factor will make the game be more interesting. Speaking of the city where I live now, the children are faced with the
lack of vaccine which has a deep impact in preventing children from contagious
diseases. I think the government should calculate the growth of popularity to
predict how many approximately children will be born in the next year. Then
they should reserve vaccine, encourage enterprises produce more and more to apply
for the demand of the city or getting help from other neighbor countries. Otherwise,
the government should have another plan to reduce contagious diseases like
cleaning any dirty place, increase nutrition for
children, opening course to teach parents how
to protect their children from illness etc…

In conclusion, risk horizon has reflected all week 2’s requirement
in this course. Knowledge, protection, insurance and coping is the process which helps risk management be more effective.
However, the process is only success if we have a plan to do it from now and
should remember not be confident or be afraid of risk because the consequence
of inaction will make the situation get worse.

 

