8339534

http://disposablewebpage.com/turn/e7Zm2h8G9N Manage Risk

1.      
What was the role of risk management in the
game? What choices did you make and what trade-offs did you confront in terms
of knowledge, protection, and insurance? In what ways did preparation for risk
affect development (immediately, or after some time)?

Answer:

Role of Risk Management in the game
was to prepare, sustain, cope and rebuild based on the Research information
given on each Meteor that impact on the planet. 

I had to make a calculative risk
analysis based on information that was provide, plus on the severity of the
comet impact. Hence a calculative assessment was on the making to protect and
purchase Insurance. If there were any damages, the rebuilding cost was an
acceptable level. 

The preparation on risk affecting
on development was very minimum and immediate because the knowledge was obtain
therefore an effective decision was made. Development of pod was never
hindered. Hence the key word is “research” to better prepare for any
circumstances. Protection is very crucial in any disasters, first we procure
insurance for financial aspect but the pod survival was another. We had procure
additional coverage for protection by rising the pod level of elevation. 

2.      
If you played the game only once, what would you
do differently if you were to play it again? Alternatively, if you played the
game more than once, what did you do differently after the first time? What
were the main things you learned from the game?

Answer:

If I were to play once, I wouldn’t know
the full extend and impact. Therefore by playing additional games we will
understand the gravity of the situation and do a calculative assessment plus
risk analysis of the situation. 

The main things I learned in this
game is even in such calamities, there is 
a provision to prepare, assess the situation and take calculative risk
therefore will not feel to full impact of the situation. Hence research is
extremely important to know our next move plus acceptable risk by procuring
Insurance to minimize the risk and increase in protection to be taken.

There are some fundamental analysis
to be included:-

 

i)                   
Economic Analysis

ii)                  
Research Info

iii)                
Risk Analysis3.    The game captures, in a simplified way, some
aspects of risk management. Imagine you are tasked with developing a new
version of the game, which allows you to change or add one simple thing. What
change would you propose to better represent the risk management choices that
matter in the place you live?

Answer:

The aspect of risk management
“identifying”, “measuring” and “managing” these are key or the back bone of
risk management. Therefore developing a new version of the game, I would add
Chart layout of “Risk Matrix” where player will have a visual aspect of their
probabilities. 

The Chart will be their reference
charts to make a Calculative Risk Assessments.(Cannot install the chart in)

The severity of risk and possible consequences
is quantified by “high”, “Medium” and “Low”. Low could mean that it is not a
big risk or there could be a serious risk but it can easily be resolved based
on the information (Research in the game).

In conclusion, risk management
model consist of probability multiplied by an impact. Understanding
multiple probabilities can contribute to Risk total probability. 














  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 







 







