8340028

The Risk Horizon game was about finding the right balance of
knowledge, protection, insurance and coping to manage risk within the limitations
of the resources I had available.  

I found that, if I built up my knowledge of the risks and
focussed on those that had the most likelihood of impact and severity, then I
progressed further and faster and often I was able to avoid the risk
eventuating.   

Also, I found that regular review and upgrading of my
current assets as well as raising the level of the island (protections) allowed
for continuous development of the community.  The more proactive I was in managing risk, the
impact was reduced, I built up my resources faster, and I progressed further
and faster in the game. 

In terms of insurance, it made more sense to insure more
heavily when there were more assets and/or when a risk was likely to occur or
to be severe.  This was particularly the
case when several high risk shocks were likely to occur.  

However, despite attempting to research all the potential
shocks, there were still some that caught me by surprise. 

When damage occurred, it was relatively inexpensive to make
repairs as soon as possible and when I did so it seemed that this enabled me to
progress faster.  It was important to do make
repairs while continuing to monitor potential future shocks as it was likely
that the damage would be worse if there were unrepaired assets.  

Shocks also seemed to destroy or reduce the effectiveness of
some of the previously installed protections. 
I found it best to try and repair these as soon as possible so that continual
upgrades could occur.

The further the game progressed, and the more developed the
community, the higher and faster the resources seemed to grow.  This was good as it enabled me to keep
upgrading and also insuring the assets.  

I learnt, the first time playing the game,  that prioritising and balancing the risk
management strategies was the best way to progress.  It seemed, however, that constant research
and focussing on the worst risks remained the most important strategy to manage
risk as this enabled me to prioritise my actions according to the most likely
impacts.

If I were able to redesign the game, I would probably add several
different options for protection including some that cost no money but only
time.  This would more realistically
reflect the risk management approaches that I currently take in my current place
of residence.

