8340354

The main purpose in the game is to apply in “real-life
situation” two main objectives of risk management: produce resilience
mitigating losses from the negative shocks and achieve prosperity in
the developing community by building pods, earning money and investing
in the future development.

While playing the game we learned to apply main
concepts of risk management: preparation, knowledge, protection and coping with
the outcomes. The game starts with the opportunity given: we have the finances
that can be invested in building of pods. However, as in real life situation we
were confronted with the negative shocks which occurred gradually (we could see
the comet coming and had time to do some actions to prepare). In order to
prepare for the shock we had the following tools:

Knowledge. We could perform researches
     to find out about the potential risks we had to confront (severity of the
     comet meaning how much distraction it will cause and assess the chances of
     its hitting the water).
 Insurance. We could insure our
     pods from the risk which can help us in the future to cope with the
     outcomes. Basically we shared the costs of recovery.
 Protection. We could invest in
     protection. Protection costs money but it worth financing due to its positive
     outcomes in the near future. Results of protection sometimes cannot be
     seen because we don’t know what could have happened if required actions of
     preparation were not used, however, they are needed to be implemented to
     decrease future costs while being in the stage of recovery. 
The process of coping in the game was depending
from the actions taken while preparing. The higher the level of preparation was
used, the easier the process of coping.  

More research made, gave us
     more time to use community for recovery process.  
 The more expensive insurance was
     used, the easier and cheaper it was to recover in case of comets with high
     severity level.
 By increasing level of
     protection, we were able to cope with comets with low level of severity.
     Even though they hit the water, no or little damage was made.  
The most difficult during the game
was to find the required sequence of actions in which risk management has to be
implemented and create the strategy for preparation and coping. I’ve played the
first level for several times, and the most successful was when I decided to
pay more attention to the research of the comets and my horizon began to grow
and turned green which gave me the sign that my actions were correct. During the
first level it was necessary to get acquainted with the nature of the risk and
perform research. In case the severity of comet was too high to cope, and I understood
that my level of protection was not that high, I just tried to make diligent
research and get the most expensive insurance. However, I always had to
remember to leave some money for recovering from damages. During the second
level of the game I invested in development by building more pods, bought
insurance, invested in protection and continued to make researches but were not
able to receive the required level in horizon.

In order to change one thing in the
game I would propose to add financing instrument. That is one of the problems
which we are confronted in Ukraine while confronting with risks.  There can be new tool implemented called “bank”
for example. In case we invested too much in construction and now don’t have
money to cover for destructions, we can take a loan. As well as we can make
some savings for the future and get extra income by earning interest income. 