8343420

The aim in the game is to develop the island taking into account
not only the time and the money one has, but also the possibility of damages
caused by comets that can impact on the planet. The tool we can use to manage the
risk in the game is the window to monitor the behaviour comets. This way, we
can predict the danger we will have to
face in order to decide how to use
our resources (time and money) for developing the island the best way possible.

In facts, thanks to this tool, one can know the «Chance of hit»
and the «Severity of the impact» of each comet. This way, one can decide:

-       
either to not monitor the comets too much (in the case it has a
low «Chance of hit» or «Severity of the impact») and use the time to lift the
island

-       
or to monitor it properly (in the case it has a high «Chance of
hit» and/or «Severity of the impact») and save money for further
development/restoration/insurance; in this case, moreover, we gain some “extra”
time to reduce the damages.

 

In fact, there is not enough time to both monitor completely the comet and lift the island, so I needed a trade-off
between the two aspects. Moreover, when I was not satisfied with the
precautions I was taking, I also opted for different levels of insurance. All
these moves were bounded by the available money (and the willing to go on
developing).

Personally:

-       
I preferred to try to avoid
too-high insurances in order to save
money for the development and the lifting of the island. On the other hand,

-       
I tried to avoid lifting
the island too much not to waste money. Moreover, this way, I was also saving time in order to monitor the dangerous comets as much as
possible.

 

In my case, I think, preparation for risk was affecting the
development in a long-term scenario.
For example, as said before, I was monitoring the dangerous comets as much as I
could and I tried to lift the island little by little in order to not have to
loose time and money repairing the damaged buildings. This way, I had to wait to
finish the first levels to have a “very-lifted” island but, at the same time, I
managed to have well-developed buildings.

 

I played the game only once but, if I were to play it again, I
would choose less insurance as I did since I saw that I was able to affectively
limit the damages.

I learned from the game that is really important to use the tools
available for “monitoring” the risks in order to be able to predict the possible scenarios and,
accordingly, be able to choose the best trade-offs needed to reach the final
aim.

 

I would like to add the possibility of earthquakes, this way one
has to deal also with a risk that is “unpredictable”.
For example, one can learn how to:

-       
take reasonable extra-precautions,

-       
face an
unexpected situation and

-       
how to change his plans while the work is going on.