8346292

The role of Risk Management in the game (Risk Horizon) was to
protect the world of Alora from the damaging effects of the falling comets that
may ultimately damage the world of Alora if nothing was done to manage this imminent
risk.

In the first game I played, I made the choice of constantly
raising the Island and buying insurance against getting carrying out research (knowledge).
I noticed that with such choice I did not make it to the next level. Though I
did not understand the how the controls imparted on the game.

On the second time I played the game, I appreciated how the
control works i.e. that research is carried out as it displayed on the screen. I
also noticed that the research, preparation for the risk, ensured that the
damage suffered in the event of a shock, impact of the comet, was reduced.

My understanding of the knowledge is discerning everything
about a risk event, which is actually risk assessment. Protections are actions
that persons, organizations, communities or states undertake before a risk
event to reduce damage of the risk event. Insurance ensure that the cost of restoration
of the environment to its former state before that risk event is transferred and
borne by another. This insured restoration cost comes at a lower cost when
compared to the uninsured restoration cost. A typical example in the game is the
cost of building a pod at $200 to the cost of restoring the pods at $26 each with
75% cover insurance of $175. (Remember that we have built more than one pod).

My learning point from playing the game is that we all have
limited resources (time and money). In the game, all choices comes at the expense
of time and money. Some choices are not mutually exclusive which means that as
you carry out research (Knowledge), spending time and money,  you cannot undertake raising the Island (protection).
So we have to choose the trade-off with our limited resources that will result
in the maximum benefit. When a course of action is to be carried out, the
overall effects, benefits and trade-off should be taken into consideration.

In order to make the game a reflection of the
risk management choices in the place I live, I would change: the falling comets
to torrential rainfall; the knowledge would be the accuracy of the weather forecast;
protection would be regular declogging of the drainages and the insurance would
be against the damages cause by the torrential rainfall.