8348442

GAME REFLECTION

Firstly, I must
commend the persons in charge of putting the ALORA game together. It was a
wonderful innovation and it encompasses and makes me well understand the topics
and concepts being explained in the Risk management course so far. 

As I understand,
Risk management is the process of preparing for Risks, Confronting risks and
coping with the after effects or consequences of the Risk. Risk management
ensured that the damage threat posed by the negative shocks (which were the
comets) was contained, resulting in little or no loss. I was able to do this by
fully optimizing the resources I had at my disposal namely: Protection,
Insurance and Knowledge or research in this case.  Full or good knowledge of the impending shocks
which included the Severity and Chances of impact, enabled me to prepare well for
them. These preparations include increasing my protection (raising the ground
level), taking insurance, or gaining knowledge about the threats. The
trade-offs here were the decisions to increase the protection thereby slowing
down the community’s development OR using insurance plans which cost more
depending on the percentage damage cover. All these have to be done with
developing your community in view. Developments include building and upgrading
infrastructures or PODS in this scenario. The costlier the insurance cover you
take, the more difficult it is to build and upgrade the pods, because the capacity
to develop is diminished at that period. Also, upgrading the protection decreases
the rate of development. I also noticed that the more time spent on gaining
knowledge about the risk threats hindered most other activities from proceeding.
The more prepared you are, the more resilient you are and the better it is to
cope with the consequences or effects of the risks. If unprepared, you are
likely to be more vulnerable to these threats and the tougher it is to cope
with the after effects.

After
playing the game a few times and obviously noticing I was falling short of the
development goals each time, I tried to figure out what more could be done to better
the rate of increase of my development bar. To aid this effort, I went back to
the tutorials and listened much more carefully. In my next attempt, I decided
to focus more on developing my community and I noticed it yields better returns
per time. Timely Upgrade of my protection also helped limit the damage of the
shocks. 

I learnt
mostly that having knowledge about the potential shocks that you are exposed to
and the threat that these different shocks convey should go a long way in your
preparations for these shocks. Protection, insurance and community association/
assistance cushion the effects of the damage that a negative shock could cause.


I reside in Lagos,
Nigeria and my society is plagued with the threat of the Malaria parasite which
claims millions of lives each year. If I were to create a new version of the
game, I would propose that better prevention methods such as the Mosquito net,
Insecticides, Environmental cleanliness e.t.c. be added as a means of
protection. Healthcare insurance also can be a form of insurance cover and
improving the research capacities of the health ministry can be used as a way
to avert the threat of the Malaria shock.