8348999

The Risk Horizon game illustrates
how to handle situations regarding risk as the possibility of loss (getting
pods destroyed or damaged) and opportunity as the possibility of gain (building
an upgrading pods). Thus, the main idea is to show that the goal of risk
management is to decrease losses and increase benefits.

In the game, a
successful strategy would be to maintain a high growth rate, to identify and
prioritize risks, to prepare for them by buying insurance and getting
protection, and to cope with their effects by always having the funds required
for reparation.

By playing the game
three times, so by implementing a process of learning from past events, I realized
that the first levels presented the fewest risks and as result offered the best
opportunity to invest in development. In the first level, I started by building
3 pods, bought the best insurance policy, developed little protection and kept
an eye on meteoroids. As the game progressed, managing economic growth and vigilance
got harder. In my first try, I decided to focus on development and chose to
give very little attention to risks (information constraint) but this tactic
proved wrong as any failure to prevent risks had tragic consequences. The inability
to manage risks can destroy development goals. In my second try, I was so frustrated
by the risks that I started gathering research about every meteoroid but this
tactic too was erroneous as the fear of risk translated into not pursuing
productive opportunities. In my third and last try, I chose to rationalize my
decision making by using the proactive risk management. I rapidly check the meteoroids,
I evaluate their severity, their chances of hit and their speed, I prioritize
the risk and gather research equal to the maximum of severity and chance of
hit. I do buy insurance and improve protection alternatively. And then, I go to
upgrade or build new pods in accordance with my resources (financial constraint)
every chance I get. When the meteoroid hits, I rapidly and precisely click on
the connections to illustrate how coordination failures can impair risk
management. Indeed, coping can be minimal and lead to quick recovery when good
preparation for risk is in place. Moreover having a good preparation and a
strong coping strategy can unleash new opportunities.

In fact, by using risk
management, which goal is to mitigate the losses and improve the benefits that
people experience when they face risk and opportunity, I was able to reach the
5th level. And I think that by mastering and practicing risk
management, everybody would be able to reach the 6th and last level.

One side of risk
management that wasn't tackled in this game was the management of risk under
uncertainty. Such management is difficult because knowledge is limited and it
is hard to predict how shocks will unfold. I think that a way of implementing
uncertainty in the game would be, for example, to make aliens attack the
community in an unpredictable way but based on some parameters like the level
of damage or the number of severe meteoroids. 