8350410

In the Risk Horizon game, successful risk management
was the goal of the game and the only way to advance your community’s development.
As I gained more experience, I realized it was more efficient to sacrifice some
protection in order to gain more knowledge through research while playing the
game. Additionally, insurance was a useful tool in situations where more than
one meteor (the source of the risk) was occurring in close succession. Also in
my experience, preparation for risk made development slower—as more time and
resources were spent on protection, there was less wealth available for
upgrading existing pods or building new ones. 

Next, having played the game more than once, my
strategy evolved as I went. First I figured out that I was more likely to meet
the development goal when my community was comprised of more lower-grade pods
than if it had higher-grade pods. Although the higher-grade pods were more
developed, there was a trade-off and diminishing returns to them if any damaged
occurred. For example, the higher-grade pods were more expensive to repair so
therefore the meteors were causing more damage that could not be repaired
before time ran out. Following, I think the most important thing I learned in
the game was the importance of community connections as a form of insurance and
a way of managing risk. If I saw a severe meteor was coming in too fast, I
often relied on community connection as a way to minimize the imminent damage. 

Finally, one very frustrating aspect of the game was
that the time in the level did not end once the development goal was reached.
There were many levels in which I had already reached the development goal but
when a devastating meteor appeared in the last 30 seconds I simply did not have
enough time to prepare so I would lose that level. Therefore, one thing I would
add to the game would be an early warning system, like a “seven day forecast”
of the upcoming meteors before they come into view. I think this would be a
practical additional tool for risk management in the same way that a seven day
forecast and storm watch systems are useful for managing the risk of snow
storms in New England. 