8354487

Initially, I didn't feel this close to risk management. I mean, I didn't feel the need to apply it so close to my personal life till I sat down to think of me playing a game which looks so simple till I applied it to myself, my job, people around me and how better i'll be if I sharpen my thinking through risk perspective.Firstly, I learnt about the importance of having the right foundation to avoid or manage disaster by making sure the soil is well lifted up to reduce the impact of what my building feel at the impact of the asteroids.Secondly, the need for insurance. I am just a year in the insurance industry. With my little understanding of what my building will feel at the impact of the asteroids.Risk management is way beyond how I thought it to be. I now know managing risk should be part of my plan from inception of all I want to do. I need to start by looking at money at hand and start my management from there. Have my shock absorber in place at the beginning and not after I start building or when am done building. Though it all depends on the factors that surround the event at that time. That way I am more protected in case of hazards and unlikely events.Then my risk monitoring sets in if I have to watch the asteroids, not just for them but the effect they will have on my building and investment. That way I can sit with my legs crossed. The disaster is inevitable and start making moves to accommodate the effects of the hazard.This allows me to identify what risk is for me, then I analyse the effect they'll have. That way I know what i'm in for.During one of my attempts, I was still building when an asteroid struck and it affected my buildings. I had to pay more because i had to bear my risk all alone. My strategy changed after this though.Anything that must have a good end must have a good planning, proper back up, monitoring, analyses and implementation to see it through.Lastly, at each hazardous event, when there is a damage reasons for me not just to rebuild but to build more stronger structures, to be well prepared for the next asteroid strike. There I saw an opportunity not just to have my building back but to have a better and more fortified building.Each attempt on RHG made me see how I can be more better in the game and in life application.In addressing the questions:With risk management principles; identifying, analysing, monitoring and implementing. It helped me to build and sustain my work over a long time and see opportunity in in every hazard to make a better building.After playing the game for the first time, I insured earlier because that way I could feel more safe and save more cost.And the risk management factor I would have love this game to capture is how human and government factor affect risk management.