8354058

Risk management plays a crucial role in this game.
It was in fact it was a challenging experience to learn how risk management is important
for one’s healthy development through this game. The tutorial given for assistance helped to learn about the
game more in deep. Being the
luminator of Alora, my task of developing
this community by meeting certain milestones in the ways was really hard
and thought provoking.The game comprises the concept of risk management
in all the levels, thereby giving me an ultimate exposure of different stages
of risks and their after-effects. A strategy game that inculcates within itself
the challenges that could be symbolically related to the instances in our daily
life. Before
considering ever building the pods we certainly need to ensure adequate
measures like sufficient amount of cash is there with us. It was necessary
throughout the game to balance risk with and development. And the time
available to make sure this risk protection was limited.It was important to
note that there should be a sense of balance throughout as we had to check for few
parameters before we could develop and safeguard the land. This aspect taught
me the significance of responsibility that we possess in our lives to take care
of the environment we live in and also to take considerable amount of risks on
an everyday basis. Not only should we prepare the community to bear the shocks
but also nurture them to handle the post-shock effects. It is indeed really
important to research on the risks that come our way and eventually develop on
a protection plan to minimize the damages from it.

While playing the game,
it was also important to do proper time management as we had a time constraint
in developing the land of Alora and also to protect them from the waves caused
by the meteors. So within the stipulated time, good research, protection,
development and insurance against the damages were to be done in the best
possible way. Preparation of risks also helped in money management. Building the
right number of pods with the given budget and also to insure them was a
decision that we had to take after much observation and thought. 

While playing the game for
the first time, I had restricted myself to only 25% insurance, but as I moved
on, it was important to take bigger risks and hence had to increase the insurance
to 75%. Though building pods was important to develop the land, insuring them
against meteor waves was equally important. Thereby, it was important for me to
strike a sense of balance between time, money and the resources at all points
during the game.By undertaking insurance protection which
covered 75 % of the risk we could minimize the chances of being hit. It also
helped to reduce the cost of repairing the damaged pods. Before considering
each of this decisions we certainly have to consider the resources since its availability
is limited. It certainly need to be put into best possible usage.

If I were to develop
a new version of the game, I would have made it comparatively more realistic by
introducing real life situations of the role of self-help groups within the community who
could probably pool adequate money and help each members with the group
financially in times of need.They could also take up a group insurance policy to anticipate and
manage their risk. I would have also
introduced few other concepts in which the players could make some money as
they deal with damages.