8357734

The game is interesting and addictive and made sure I wasn't bored or playing it just because it was needed to be done. At the same time, it helped me learn the importance of the key features inherent to risk management and realize how logical the points suggested in the course so far are. I shall discuss these by answering the questions:1. The game revolved around risk management, as the comets constantly created risk to the existence of the community. It was important to not only sustain, but also to keep growing to move forward. Hence, it was very practically designed. I realized that as I played the game a few times, I learnt what not to do and what to do, just as Chile has learnt through its experiences with earthquakes. As has been constantly stressed throughout the course, it was important not only to prepare, or only  to cope, but to be able to do both.I made a conscious choice to not let funds accumulate and as soon as I had enough, I would upgrade the pods, which replenish funds faster. This is also true in the real world, where money should not lie idle and be put into creating more value.Trade-offs: When the community is young, it cannot afford to buy too much protection, and hence, I had to risk not buying protection and hope a comet of less severity would strike, or that one would completely miss. Perhaps an analogy can be found in that low-income countries cannot afford risk management upfront and are usually willing to go on without protection, no matter how important.I also reduce this risk by researching the comets for a longer duration, which here is a substitute for building strong community relations. At the time of impact, these relations help reduce the impact of the disaster. This is analogous to developing countries finding help in the international community after disasters have happened.At higher levels when comets come thick and fast, insurances are more expensive, but also pay much more return. Thus, it is always beneficial to be insured.2. Instead of buying protection and insurance straight away, I proceeded to developing a community first and only after I had something to protect, I bought insurance and protection. In an ideal world, we could move into places already protected and insured. In reality, however, one needs to make the best out of one's resources and start preparing for the risks that the environment beholds.I also learned that while the experience of a previous disaster will leave us wiser, there can always be a situation we are not prepared for and it is important to be insured and to be connected with other communities.3.While the game is brilliantly done, I could think of the following that could be incorporated into the game:Mr. Mubarak, in his video, says that if the downside risk is reduced, people are willing to take more risks. Maybe there could be a bonus duration when no comets occur and you are allowed to build more pods of level 1. It'll be interesting to see if people actually build more pods or are satisfied sitting the time out.Also, decision makers are understood to think primarily of the short term. This could be experienced if one has to move to a new city, say from Alora to Alohamora, after level 3. Would one still bother to upgrade pods in Alora in level 3, especially if one is allowed to take, say, half the money saved to the new city?