8359013

The role of risk management was predominant in the game “Risk Horizon.” The main objective of this game was
to manage risks, which mainly took the form of asteroids.Alternatives to managing the
risk included upgrading primary “pods” or settlements, purchasing insurance, increased
protection, and research.  The greatest
barrier to managing risk was the limited financial resource.  Specifically at the beginning of the game
(where one has fewer financial resources), the barrier to risk management was
greatest due to the cost of management methods. 
A player must assess what they can afford as a management means, and how
long it would take their planet (or settlements) to re-generate the financial
resources.  Upon reaching later levels of
the game, the financial barrier to risk management is reduced, especially if a
multiple of settlements are upgraded.  



In the earlier levels, common
trade-offs included fewer research and greater protection and/or
insurance.  The reason for this was
because I as a player did not see immediate benefits to the research conducted,
even in the later levels.  Due to this
risk management approach, if my planet was hit by an asteroid it didn’t cost
much, or the planet had a high level of protection resulting in no damage.  Such risk avoidance further reduced any
incentive to finance research and gather information of the asteroids.  This resulted in a planet that did not gather
information but had multiple upgraded facilities with higher insurance policies
and protection. 



I played both a demo/trial
version and the official game.  Having
played the trial version first I didn’t find any immediate benefit to financing
research.  The information for each
asteroid was presented if it was clicked upon, thus there seemed no reason to
further research the risk, but rather finance other risk management options
such as insurance and protection. 

 Changes I would propose for
this game center on the risk management method of research.  Although I am aware this is a game meant to
simplify risk management themes, I consider the research/knowledge gathering
method to be undervalued in this game.  To
reflect the true importance of research/information gathering in risk
management, the game should provide less information about the risk of each
asteroid.  Such a lack of information, or
uncertainty would create an incentive for the player to finance research in
order to better understand the magnitude each risk (asteroid) represents.  Slowly the game should reveal more
information of each asteroid (such as how often the asteroid orbits the planet
or may hit it), and this would then alter how the finances are allocated.  If the game remains as is, there is little
incentive for players to fund research (as I have mentioned previously above),
and rather allocate finances to insurance and protection.  In reality, risk management approaches such
as insurance are not as preventative as research, but more retrospective. 



Overall I thought the game
was well designed to illustrate the difficulties presented to low-income areas,
and the decisions faced by risk-prone locations. 





