8359807

The game has made us probe deeply into the need for  risk management plays in our lives.We have learnt that Risk management is a process of confronting risks ,preparing with them by providing knowledge protection and insurance and coping with their effects helps people to confront risks.In this game , our task was to develop our community to the best of our ability while meeting certain milestones along the way .
In order to keep the community intact on the development path,risk management is of great essence because once a calamity hits ,time and expense required to compensate the loss is much more than the cost needed to prepare for the risks.
The main motive of the game was to make us understand the need to build up resilience in d face of risks and thereon  pursuing opportunity. A trade off was necessary between knowledge , protection and insurance  Before taking actions and spending money on them , we need to first decide the proper measure between knowledge protection and insurance to save our island alora from the comets attacking our island . i confronted with the problem of resources which are scarce in existence like we have to decide that how we have to spend on insurance so as to protect ourselves from the fallling comets and on protection which costs one dollar for 1 % and we needed enough protection so that it matches with the severity of the comets so that no damage happens to our pods .At the same time , we also need to see that in the face of building resilience , we also need to focus on development of the island by building it costing 200$ and then upgrading it from time to time which costs 295$ ,422$ etc.And all this we have to manage within a short span of given time so time is also an important factor for managing risks .
I have played this several times to understand its concept. After playing for the first time , i get to know how to protect my island from comets in a more organized way  than before .At the first instance , I didn't understand how to confront all of things together i.e. research, protection and insurance for development.But after playing again, things became clearer.Each pod that i built helped to increase my development level.I got to know that by obtaining insurance , pods damaged from flooding will be quicker and easy to rebuild .Moreover insurance also recovers lost development time after the pods are repaired .Therefore, in a similar way, we will expertise in the field of managing risks if we do it consistently like in  this game we did.This game taught us that by using these three weapons in concert with development we can create a healthy community. The only way to succeed is to find the perfect balance at the cost of our precious resources.Hence risk management is a powerful tool for development.
The one thing that I would like to add is the number of risks in this game to make it more challenging and involving.Like other than the flood , other risks such as earthquake and other epidemics can be introduced which we face in our daily lives and more insurance schemes can be introduced to increase the awareness of insurance. The place where i live is a place which is trapped in droughts.So people over here has got no incentive to  take risks and undertake a new project because of lack of water.So insurance an be provided from the loss arising out of the epidemic.
Hence I can say that risks are a concomitant of change and opportunity.
