8361132

Good day,

First, I have to confess that I like this game.
When I had heard about it at first time, I was assuming it quite boring like
the most of educational games. And I was wrong.Security and extension linked in this game. You
have to keep your security strong at the expense of evolving, but you also need
to improve your economy.

At the beginning of the game you have enough
money for both: defense and investments in the economy. To my mind, stages from second to
fourth (inclusively) have more importance before others - you have to plan your
actions very carefully and maintain a middle ground between development and
defense. Last stages are quite easy - you have enough money for everything you
need.

I played this game twice. At my first attempt I
caught a game's fatal error at the last stage, so I tried again. Insurance is a
bit useless and comets research is really nice - that experience I got from my
first try. In real life I really like insurance, but in the game it does not
work as effectively as I expected. It’s too expensive for the middle and early
phases of the game - you better invest that money in defense and extension.
Nevertheless I bought it in the late phase in order to copying. And comets
research is very helpful and cheap, and can save your economy.

If I was tasked with developing a new version
of the game, I’d rework insurance part. Maybe something like insurance history - almost like in real life.
Would make insurance more efficient, but every insurance event significantly increase
the cost of the new one. For this reason, a long time without incident makes
insurance cheaper. I live in Russia and I think it reflects the idea of ​​risk
management in my country - you should always have a higher level of security
and several reserve funds, and also maintain a good reputation.As I said - I like this game. It showed me that:You have to be always prepared;You have to research future risks (literally);You can deal with the same risks in a several
ways;With proper risk management you  can achieve
prosperity and stability even when it seems that it is impossible(like on the planet where in three minutes time six or seven comets can fall);Thank you
for your attention. Sorry for my English.

Sincerely,
Michael.

