8361118

Hello. Today i want to tell you my reflection about Risk Horizon game. From the game beginning it's too boring for education game, at the same time i could read something about Risk management and get more useful information. Anyway i should make report about this game. Cerainly, main role in this game assigned for risk management (because it is main theme of our course). In the world of Alora you are obviously King and should decide sharing of resources between three things - exploring of comets, using protection slider and using insurance (i ve bought twice insurance, and in both times it hasn't helped me). Player getting resources for building and upgrading pods, but when pod on upgrade - it doesnt give money and we should have, in my honest opinion, 5 pods and try to upgrade it as fast as we can, but dont forget about main objective of this game and spend resources to get no damage for our pods. I ve made very simple sharing of resources, because insurance didnt make a sense for me. I held medium level on protections slider and maximum exploring of comets to get more time if comet ll not miss. Risk management doesnt interfare in game beginning, because almost all comets in the game beginning miss. Then your game depends of your strategy with pods. I mean decision to make a lot of 1 lvl pods, or 4-5 pods and upgrading it. Second strategy are more success. Anyway you starting to feel risk management since 3-4 level, because on Alora falls too many comets and you can't explore them all just because of the time it will take. The main thing I learned from this game - insurance doesnt work, spending fo resources. I played about 3 - 4 times. The main thing i changed in every next game - pods building strategy. My first time decision to rush all island with 1 level pods and then start to upgrade it led me to fiasco. Its funny simple model of risk management, but i get bored of playing it 4-5 times, when one of aspect doesn't work. But at the same time pretty nice that my game on fourth level depends of my decisions on the first. If i get task to develop game, i would allow independent exploring of comets to be possible make another comet exploring, because watching for 30 seconds on comet when in few seconds you ll got 5 hits can stop you, if i have enough resources i want explore all of falling comets. I live in Russia and its very hard to say, seriously. Sorry for my English knowledge, it probably make you cry.Sincerely, Elchin.