8366888

This game made risk management and its challenges tangible by managing the few mechanisms in this fast paced meteor environment. The main challenge was balancing these techniques and investment in resources. A key lesson was that protection was a long term investment and that research also allowed to cope in a cost effective way. The main role of risk management in the game was to manage the
imminent and ongoing risks of the meteors hitting the development. Namely, we
had to try to maintain a level of development while choosing the right time and
amount of protection by lifting the land to reduce or prevent the impact of the
shocks, an optimal amount of insurance to transfer the wealth to times of need,
and sufficient research to allow our pods to prepare and pool resources to help
coping mechanisms. This was not always easy as we had to choose the right
amount of each to continue to provide sufficient development. Obviously, you
cannot invest in research and protection at the same time, and you have to
spread your money across the three components as well as your developments. 

If you invest too much in these risk management techniques,
your development suffers and you lose the level. Each of the components had
different impacts on your development -if you invest in insurance, your
developments may still be impacted by the shock and you need to try to repair
with limited resources, while research allowed you to evade the impact of the
shocks at a limited cost and protection was a long term investment for your
pods. So we had to try to choose the balance of these components that were effective
and cost efficient in the circumstances, in a fast paced environment. 

As I continued to play, I found the most useful technique
was protection, as this was a long term solution that proved cheaper than insurance
as my development advanced, and freed my resources to continue developing. This
was an interesting reflection of the challenges we face in the real world-
where knowledge of research and even understanding of risk management
techniques can influence coping mechanisms. As I became more confident in the
process, I could make the most of times when I had good level of protection to
invest and develop- which was another valuable lesson. Basically, the game helped
make these risk management techniques tangible and understand the challenges
that can emerge in deciding upon risk management in a fast paced environment.

One mechanism that would the game more realistic for me
would be information on which pods were running more profitably or choose to
invest in an accountant who can help you decide on which risk management
techniques are more efficient, as this is information you would have in the real
world and can help you make better investments. Another mechanism would be
other risks, perhaps meteor showers on the pods or differences of opinion between
the pods because these are other kind of risks that would influence this world
and how they would cope from the shocks that affect it.While these mechanisms would make the game more realistic for me, there were many lessons in risk management that I will take into the future.