8367910

The game really did represent the hardships of risk
management. Development and risk were hand-to-hand, sacrifice was definitely
necessary and you had to learn from your mistakes and more importantly make use
of them for your future decision-making process. I always prioritized insurance
after getting hurt by the shocks during my first trial. As for protection and
knowledge, I tried to keep them balanced and parallel with the severity of the
shock but when I had the time, I always filled the research bar to the end. I
did take risks by disregarding several of the relatively minor in severity but
very fast-coming shocks when there was a bigger one following it at a slower
pace. I should say it worked out well for me each and every time. In addition,
while managing risk I always tried to develop the community as much as I could,
starting out slowly but growing faster as I had the money and when the
environment was shock-free.  However, I
always kept enough money so that I would recover fast if my insurance failed to
cover the loss completely. The interesting thing was that at times when I was
not 100% ready for the shock, the coping between the community members
minimized the damage done. Had I not played the game, I would have underestimated
the power of interconnectedness and risk sharing. Also mentioned above, after
my first trial I’ve come to realize the effectiveness of having insurance and
bought the 75% option every other time, and tried to maximize research as much
as possible.

 

If I had the chance to recreate the game I would’ve
definitely put in the emotional aspect of the crises. Not only families and
individuals but also the enterprises, the state, basically everyone feels
discouraged after facing an obstacle before or after the crisis. Some people give
up trying to cope with it and some people feel powerless against it. This
emotional set back would slow down the development process of the factories in
the game too. People wouldn’t be discouraged about risk management only but also
they would be demotivated to work and would not show full performance after a
major crisis. Therefore the addition of the actual ‘people’ getting affected by
the crises into the game, lowering the bar about their state-of-mind/condition
after a crisis and encouraging the player to win their enthusiasm and courage
back by doing something to cope with their loss would make the game more
realistic in my opinion. 

