8368634

Risk management is an important part of planning. The
process of risk management is designed to eliminate the risk of certain kinds
of events happening or having an impact. Risk management is a process for
identifying, assessing, and prioritizing risks of different kinds. Once the
risks are identified, the person in charge will create a plan to minimize or
eliminate the impact of negative events. In the game, ALORA was victim to
falling comets which affected the development. Strategies which I applied in order
to increase the growth were:

 I tried to maintain a
balance between growth and protection. I used insurance only when I had used
the resources and had got full knowledge about the comet. If the comet’s strike
rate was very high I used insurance and protected ALORA from high repair cost. I
upgraded the pots in a synchronized manner and did not focus on the up gradation
of just one pot, instead I upgrade them in a balanced way. Knowledge played an
important role as it helped me to analyze about the strike rate, intensity of
the comet and accordingly work upon the protection plan. ALORA’s main concern
was that if the comets hit the water level would rise and damage the place. Hence
the top most priority was protection. Raise the ground level and protect it
from drowning. The strike intensity would get nullified and also insurance cost
could be minimized or even eliminated. I implemented this technique and got
better results.  

I did play the game more than once
and learnt from my previous mistakes. The things that I did differently from
first attempt were as follows:

·        
I tried to make a balance between protection and
development of pots. As I realized that development and protection go hand in
hand. If I do not protect my pots from the comets, and keep on developing pots
it will affect the whole area and destroy it. I will have a greater loss. Whereas
if I make less number of pots and protect them they will provide me better
return.

·        
I should use my insurance only when required. Gather
knowledge about the comets and then invest money on insurance. Wasting money
without having knowledge is a wrong decision as it can be used somewhere else
and get a better return.

·        
Upgrade the pots wisely and steadily. Do not
upgrade all together but upgrade them slowly but in pace with others. For example If I have
upgrade one pot twice I should not upgrade it again instead upgrade the rest of
the pots till 2nd level and then upgrade accordingly. This will give
us profit uniformly and hence growth of the city.

Lesson learnt from this exercise:

·        
Risk Management is necessary but more important
is coping from the after effects once harsh conditions hits.

·        
How wisely one can think and use the resources
in an effective way such that it acts as an advantage.

·        
Prevention is better than cure.

I am a citizen of Ranchi, Jharkhand. Jharkhand
is full of natural resources but is unable to explore it because of the lack of
resources and Maoist activities. It is a risk that people do not want to take. If
this is eliminated Jharkhand can become the most resourceful state. Thus I would
like to replace the comets 
with Maoist effect and help grow
the city. I would like to get an insight how we can use risk management techniques
and eliminate the problems.  