8370724

This game is a nice
example of "LEARNING BY PLAYING"
Risk management is an important part for development of any community. As
shocks are uncertain and can hinder the development process.
major factors of risk management are preparing before shock and coping
afterwards
preparing includes knowledge (research), prevention( lifting island high) and
insurance ( to reduce the cost of loss)
Firstly we have to take  knowledge about the shock . type of shock ,
severity and probability that it will hit the country. The more we research
more will be the chances of accurate prediction of shocks. Based on which we
have to decide the amount to be spent on preparation and insurance. More prone
an area for shock more it will likely to spend on insurance.

these three things not only go hand in hand but also we have to face trade off
while facing them.
as the more one spent on preparation less will be left for insurance and less
for development purpose. Also the more preparation will reduce shock effect and
less have to spend on rebuilding assets.
these all were the preparation before the shock its, but as all shocks cannot
be ignored just by preparing, there is need for coping up when it hits .
communal help is a good example.
in the game there is correlation between research and power to cope up the
problem and that is true in real world also, as we spent more time in
researching about a shock we will be able to know more methods to cope up and
it will become more easy to cope up.
when i first played the game, i could not make balance between all the things altogether,
but as i tried it again and again it become more easy for me to clear intial
levels. I consider it as “experience factor” . As the more experienced we are
more we will likely to know how to tackle a particular shock or past experience
tells us alot about a particular region tendency to tackle a shock and area in
which there is need for more preventive actions.
i found this game really worthwhile to play and an important part of this
course, which teaches us need to make balance between all factors of risk
management to achieve required level. after playing the game again and again i found an interesting fact, that if i development only few plots more and more, and left other plots untouched then my development level is less. when i build the economy equally or atleast take care of every sector of economy then the economy can give better development results. this taught me, the importance of every sector and implicit development.
if I am asked to give some suggestions then i would like to take some research
cost explicitly in the game, to make it more realistic.