8371376

The game requires to have a balance development in the Alora
which taking actions to mitigate the possible threat of comets by having an
effective risk management in place.  For
risk management to be effective it needs to have a good prior preparation and
good coping mechanism after the hit to minimize the damages. The tools available
for managing risk are being knowledgeable, obtaining protection and insurance. And
good coping.

 Being knowledgeable about
the risk help people to be prepared and will halp avaoid sudden unexpected
shocks. The knowledge could be obtained by way of comprehensive research.

Protection is and important tool that helps take actions that
will minimize the negative impact from the shock. The more protection it has
obtained the lower is the harmful impact of the shock

By purchasing insurance the damages could be covered at a
lower cost. And when it foresee a risk in the future it is strategically important
to purchase a suitable insurance cover.

The above 3 tools are costly and should be managed carefully
in line with the  development goals . if
it has not had good risk management , it could affect the development in a  negative manner. So managing risk with the
above tools prior to a shock is of vital importance.

Then once a risk is materialized, the harmful effects of the
sock could be minimized with a good coping mechanism.

In the game as soon as the threat of comets is anticipated it
should use risk management tools to manage the risk to mitigate the negative
impact of the risk on the island. The risks management could be done by
elevating the land (protection) , doing research on the comet (knowledge) and
purchasing insurance and coping afterwards.

Initially I was able win only up to level3 as I was taking
too much measure for managing risk  for
example spending too much on protection and insurance. And had not have enough
money for making upgrading the pods.  But
later I was able to win up to level 5 by  invest on making and upgrading pods which
having a balance in managing risk. I learnt from the game that having too much
emphasis of development or risk management is not the best way instead they
should be balanced in order to prosperity

Changes proposed

If it could introduce the return generated by making different
kind of pods it will help better understand the achievement of milestones(upgrading
a pod to level 2 will give $x which is $y of extra return than having a level 1
pod. ) 

When the funds are not adequate to for development it can
introduce arrangement for obtaining a bank loan on a prescribed interest rate.

