8374815

Answer-1Risk management safeguarded development against losses  caused by comets hitting
Alora. It reduced damage to pods, helped in mitigating  the impacts of shocks  and floods,
prepared the community to revive after damages by making community connections.
Insurance cover  assisted by sharing loss for  rebuilding   structures. . 

My choices

1)  Adequate and timely  investment for  economic development required for  progress to the  next level. 

2)To  manage risks caused by falling comets.
 

 3)  Investment of resources
 in  Research, Protection and Insurance. .  

4)  Balanced approach of investment in economic
development and  risk management.

5)  Ignoring comets  having
no severity and without any possibility of hitting  Alora.

6)  Exploitation of  positive risk to take advantage for
boosting economic development. 

Trade offs. 

1)
Monitoring  comets visible in Alora horizon trading time for
monitoring instead of protection.  

2) Spending more time
in  research of  comets to trade off this time with time for raising level of
protection. 

3) focus on raising
protection levels of Alora to severity levels of comets to trade for research  as no damage occurs if protection levels are
up to the mark. 

4) After finding  multiple comets approaching  the community with much  accelerated speed  trading off research and protection  with
procurement of insurance. 

Research helped
in short term   in finding out the severity
of comets and  also its possibility of hitting .thus using this
information for  raising  protection levels. Research indicated about
the  possibility of hitting and a need to
devote mor  time for analyzing comets so that in return an extra amount of
time  allowed could be used  for interconnecting communities for
 reducing  the impact of damages. Insurance procured helped in the
 the term by transferring h the risk of damage to the  third party, 

Answer to second
question


  First time I have
  made the following mistakes.
  1.    
  Rapid heavy
  investment in the initial phase by building  multiple pods horizontally. 
  2.    
  Ignoring  maintaining severity levels of
  protection according to the severity of  comets as observed in
  Research. 
  3.    
  Missing  white mark at the top of  development bar indicating required
  level for development for transfer to the next level. 
  4.    
  Ignored the level of
    protection required  against falling comets at different
  levels of development.
  5.    
  Heavily investment
  in  insurance in
  the initial levels.
  6.    
  Spending less time
  Research of comets thereby losing the reward of  extra time that is
  required for making  community
  connections in rescue and relief operations when comets hit the
  community. 
   I have tried to
  avoid repeating  those mistakes in later attempts. .
  
 
   Lessons
  learnt from the game. 
  
 
  Avoiding a risk is
  not a solution.
  Sustainable
  development is only possible when we are prepared for risk management.
  Positive risks could
  be exploited for boosting economy.  
  . Answer to
  third question.
  
    I live in Pakistan and we are
    exposed to multiple type of natural and man-made hazards. I
    suppose the game can be modified in an interesting way by showing
     different types of  natural hazards , regions vulnerable to
    specific type of  hazards  and protective  measures
    available  against different types of  hazards. The game can be
    used  as an exercise to  test  the ability of a person to
    find out areas  vulnerable to different types of hazards. It can also
    be used to test the ability of a person to prescribe measures among
    many choices in terms of regions. cultural and traditional need, level
    of education, need, cost, skills , equipment and scientific
    knowledge. 
    
   
  