8374318

The game was very dynamic and required me a fast thinking response. It showed that when you are managing risks, you have to try to be prepared the most as you can about the known risks, and also be prepared for the unexpected. At the beginning of the game, I've focused on creating the most pods that I could, with a low insurance, once it will allows me to get a higher profit which would makes me able to invest in protection, and it worked well once with my higher protection and research I've never had any damage in my pods. I've focused in develop the pods in an equal sequence, making me able to manage better my cash and also increase my revenue with a good control. This strategy showed effective once I reached the level 4.In my opinion, the most valuable resource to invest was the Protection, and that's why I focused on do a high quantity of revenue fast, once both were correlated. I was able to do this, based on the course acknowledgements which shows that the risks preparation is highly involved with income and the benefits of it exceeds the cost of damage recover.The research was my second priority once I could get the information of the meteors quickly because the "severity and chance of hit" usually did not vary too much during the research. So, the research resource showed being a powerful information resource, but nothing more than it.About the insurance, I think it is a very good investment but as I never got damage in my pods, I always took the cheapest one.The game also showed that you get always more accuracy when you practice more and it can be transferred to the real world. Of course you do not need to wait the things happen but you can predict and be well prepared for the worst case scenario.Thinking about suggestions to the game, it should be nice if the different locations have different chances to be hit, and it would make them have also different prices (the most safety should be the most expensive, of course). The game could also has different types of damages causes (not only meteor) that would makes the insurance decision harder and giving even more dynamism to the game. Another suggestion, should be a measure tool of the decisions made, for example: if you invest too much in insurance, but you do not have a large community for it, you should be penalized with a slower development on the left bar.