8374058







































Risk Horizon involved the protection of an
outer space settlement from comets. It involved the protection of the
settlement, research of the comets as well as insuring the settlement against
damage. The aim of the game was to allocate resources in such a manner that
research, insurance and protection would take place in such a way that it would
be beneficial for the settlement, and reduce the possible damages from
approaching comets. Risk management was an essential part of the game not only
for the reason that it involved the reduction of the possible risks from the
comets colliding with the settlement but also because it lead to development of
the settlement, exactly how it leads to the development on an international as
well as a macro level.  Another important part of the game was using
resources for what was actually necessary for the development of the
settlement. If I were to play the game again I would probably try harder to
balance the utilisation of my money and time. At times I would end up wasting
too much money on protection rather than research hindering my ability to
reduce damage from incoming comets. I also managed to understand how risk
management is associated with time, risk management, undoubtedly, has to be
timely in order to be efficient, effective and beneficial. I concluded that
research was more valuable in comparison to protection and hence I was able to
rectify this and create a more desirable balance in the later stages of the
game. I was able to reflect the importance of insurance with the help of the
game, in the first level I found myself losing a lot of my money because I
spent large amounts on repairing damages, however I was able to minimise this
in the later stages of the game hence I realised how critical insurance is to
risk management and reduction. Research also proved to be an invaluable tool,
it gave me a possible glimpse of the extent of the damage a comet could cause
and the possibility of it causing a damage, if I were to play the game again I
would probably focus more on those comets that had a higher probability of
causing damage to my settlement and ignore the ones that did not.  If
I were to redesign the game I would probably reduce the amount of money
available to the players at a given amount of time for the reason that in
reality, in most developing countries where risk management is essential,
resources have to be used in a more efficient and stringent way than the way they
were used in the game where the amount of resources were plentiful at times.