8376795



 

This was one very tricky and interesting game with a lot
of teaching capacities. 

How I managed the insurances, information (knowledge)
and protection?

Insurance: I did not spend a lot of money in insurance
in the first level as the investments on the pods were low. Thus, I preferred to
invest in longer term such as protection. However, as the capital value of the
pods increased, I preferred to have a higher insurance coverage (75%). This taught
me to balance the expenses of possible floods with minimum expenses. 

Knowledge and Protection: Each comet had its data on
probability and possible damages it might cause. According to those data I prepared
for the ‘unknown’. I cases where probability was high with minimum damages, I invested
less on the protection while investing more in development, and similarly when
the probability was very low.  As the
probability and potential damages became higher I invested on protection more
than development. Thus, I managed to escape floods, and even when I did not the
floods were less intensive causing fewer damages. As a result I had to invest
less on rebuilding the pods. The game is also created to make us understand how to deal with the intensity of the information coming in. The comet attacks were increasing at rapid pace, those, if not well prepared during 'peaceful' times in the first and second level, it becomes more difficult to cope in the coming levels. 

I have played the game more than once. In the
beginning, I invested only in development and ignored the risk management
issues to see the impact it will have in the game and vise-versa. Therefore, I learned
that those factors are interconnected. Development and risk management are directly
proportional and affect each other significantly. Afterwards, I started to pay
more attention to the information I was receiving about the damage capacities
and probabilities of the comets, and based on that information I acted
accordingly. 

If I had the chance to make one single modification to
this game to improve the risk management I would have added the human factor.
Even if the floods are low but citizens are not well informed how to react, the
human lives would be in stake. Therefore, I suggest to add the public awareness as a
risk management tool.

All in all, this game has improved my capacity of
better analyzing and overseeing the potential risk. In addition to that I have
also learned how to cope and prepare myself to shocks strike. Development
without risk management is not enough. A potential shock might, depending on
the intensity, might bring misery and poverty to those affected. 

 

 

