8381045

Learn to manage risks through game play, play Risk HorizonRisk management plays pivotal role in the game. Acceptance,
Avoidance, Mitigation  Transfer, all options were provided. I accepted
risk of shocks when impact and probability was low so that I could focus more
upon development activity. Idle time from development and protection was spent productively
in research on comets to develop better understanding for options. If there was
a possible incident to be occurred with major impact and probability and I had
time for it, I shifted resources to protection (while continuing development in
background but not having sufficient resources for new project or upgrade and
having ample time). Definitely if I shift resources towards protection or
insurance (major financial impact on development), preparation for risk would
consume resources and impact on development in negative style. Whenever I had
ample resources from development (and some major development was done or
underway) and balance from protection if a major shock expected, I shifted
resources towards  insurance keeping in
view remaining time and development impact. Preparation for risk and taking relevant
action immediately contributed in a positive way than after some time (provided
with time and development target remaining, endurance to take risk keeping in
view the insurance  protection level I was at time).  

Although I have read “how to play”, it was difficult to
develop deep understanding how to balance constraints and successfully move on
to next phase while playing first time. Playing more than once, I develop
understanding on how to use resources and shift them towards balancing between
development, protection, insurance while doing research and keeping an eye on
time remaining. It made clear that fundamental aspect of game is development and
then managing risks, within time and budget.

Given the provision to develop a new version or propose change
in my localized environment  practices, I would provide some functionality
to estimate or guess “time to impact/shock”  “financial impact of shock if
it hits and hits bad”. I would try to improve visualization how shocks are
dealt with and insurance works inside game. I would try to make connecting
lines after each shock from unit to unit (sometimes as drawn stars) for “more
meaningful representation” of risk management aspect.