8383605

The role of risk management game within the game was to generate a required level of growth per period (level) by developing the society while preventing and transferring the risk of a comet collision through raising the land and purchasing insurance. This risk management role was complicated by not knowing the exact probability of a collision occurring. The World Bank has indicated within this module that sound risk management is dependent on the right mix of: protection, insurance and knowledge. This game highlighted that finding the optimal mix of these elements is difficult. I found the most salient tradeoff was between knowledge and time before impact, which had an inverse relationship.  Another noticeable tradeoff was between protection and insurance. While insurance reduced the financial cost of an impact it did not have the ability to negate the impact and financial impact which raising the land (protection) achieved. In addition to the tradeoff between the elements of risk management the game highlighted that there is a tradeoff between risk management and growth. With a developing economy such as the one within the game, too much risk management or the wrong combination of risk management can stifle growth. I played the game three times.  After my first attempt I recognized that if I distribute too many resources to risk management I stifled growth. In my second and third attempts I allowed the comets to get closer to the society before making decisions about risk management. I would only purchase insurance if there was a high possibility of a medium to high impact or a low possibility of a high impact. I rapidly purchased prevention measures before these same types of comets hit. In summary, I learnt that decision makers often have to make decisions about growth and risk management without having perfect information. I found that it was worthwhile to take a precautionary approach when playing by purchasing insurance and developing the economy when comets were far off, but saved some funds for protection. These savings allowed me to rapidly purchase protection if needed. I am from Australia; one significant risk faced by Australian industry, in particular farming, is drought.  Anecdotally there is little that can be done to prevent the weather conditions that cause drought and this game would need to be modified to minimize the benefit of protection if it was to be representative of Australia.