8390876

REFLECTION OF RISK HORIZON GAMEThe objective of this game is to develop
a ‘society’ on an island. As the decision maker in this game the challenge is to
balance the development of society with managing the risk for meteor impacts.
Risk management in this game embodied the trade-off between spending money on
protection and insurance against the effects of meteor impacts, on research on
the chance and severity of the meteor impacts and on the development of society
by building and expanding houses. Each choice had an impact on the other.
Protection meant less chance on the risk of meteors actually hitting the
island, insurance meant financial support when an impact did happen and
research led to more understanding of the risk and therefore more time to
accurately prepare for it.Placing
this game in the frame of the last few lectures helps understanding the
theoretical concept of risk management. Effective risk management in this game
meant mitigating the damage of property (thus losses) and developing society
(thus the benefits). This clearly reflects the goal of risk management. In
order to achieve that objective, risk management in this game is more than just
preparing for the risk by protection and insurance. This aspect really
reflected that preparing for the risk doesn’t mean it won’t happen anymore, you
still need to be able to cope with the risk. In this game coping with the
aftermath also impacted the development of society and the level of success in
the game. Playing the game multiple times has
allowed me to learn from previous mistakes in the allocation of money.
Developing society meant less money towards protection and insurance and vice
versa. However, sound spending of money on protection, insurance and research
meant more opportunity for solid development. Understanding the reciprocity
between these trade-offs led to sound decision-making in the allocation of
money in order for society to develop despite of the risks of meteor impacts.







If I could change anything it would be
the use of insurance in the game. Now it is a ‘one-time-only’ decision per level.
But it should reflect the changes in the development of society more as it does
in real life. More property value means more insurance premium. This evolvement
isn’t reflected in the game. Therefore I would suggest to change insurance so
it isn’t sufficient anymore if the property value has increased too much. This
allows for a better understanding of insuring your property for its actual
value against risks. Overall, I appreciate this game as a valuable means for understanding the different concepts of risk management and applying these concepts in real life.