8396148

1) The role of the risk management in the game was to save
planet Alora from the shock of the comets and develop the communities, but making
it a general statement, I can say that risk management includes the proactive,
systematic and integrated way to manage and mitigate any risk for the development
of the society.

In the game, a proper balance among the three components of
risk management- Knowledge (Research), Protection and insurance was required. But
I chose to use knowledge and protection component only. The dual effect of knowledge
(Research) - first, increase in the accuracy of risk which helps to prepare accordingly
and second, the community connections which increase the protection level; was
most important factor to achieve the goal. With accurate knowledge and proper
protection, there was no need of insurance, but in real world we can’t get the
accurate information about the risk. And so, an insurance is also a necessary
component. 

Preparation for the risk slows the development process for a
short term because of the flow of the funds for risk management, but its
benefit in the long term is much more than the cost and thus after sometime it
helps to enhance the development process by also generating some new
opportunities.

2) The main things I learned from the game are as follows-

a) The cost of coping the risk in absence of preparation, is
extremely high in comparison to the cost of preparing for the risk before its occurrence.

b) Knowledge is an important factor which provides the
details of risk like probability of its occurring, its exposure and outcome and
possible way to manage the risk. Moreover in case of risk, we can’t be absolutely
sure about its outcome and effect and there is always an uncertainty factor in
the information. But the level of this uncertainty decreases with increase in funds
for research and other tools to analyze the information properly.

c) Both, protection and insurance can be used to lessen the
negative outcome. The proper strategy and tradeoff between these two can be
used to manage the risk. But in the game, protection had more benefit in long
term with respect to its cost.

d) Community connection is a very important aspect of risk
management. If the societies share information, knowledge and their expertise
to handle the risk among themselves, the level of preparation and risk
mitigation can be enhanced in a big way.

3) The
game did not include the socio economic conditions of the society. Because as
per research, two countries with approximate same development stage shows different
level of risk preparation which depends upon the actions and contributions from
all groups of the society. This variation can be explained by the behavioral
aspect of the people, policies enacted and implemented by the state, social
norms and cultural beliefs, government failures and many other externalities.
So in the game there can be one more component to capture the external environment
of the society and their effect on risk management.