8398076

I see game as being about how decisions made impact lives,
and shows that risk management can help lessen the effects of shocks. The aim
seemed to be to show that you need to choose the best risk management options
to allow for the most development. I had the best results when my focus was on
development initially, and then added knowledge, protection and insurance as I
had time, although sometimes there didn’t seem to be enough time for
development as there were too many comets. The timer had quite an impact on my
choices, the nearer the end of the round the more likely I was to spent
resources on conserving what I had built up in order to hit the qualifying level.
Overall in terms of the game, risk management slowed down development, and only
proved its worth when a shock occurred. I think this highlights one of the
challenges in the real world, in that it is hard to persuade people that the
money/time/resource is well spent until after a shock occurs, until that time
the money is in effect ‘wasted’.

I played that game multiple times and changed how I played
it to see what would happen. Seems like having cash in the bank always makes
things easier, from recovering after a hit to investing in knowledge, protection
and insurance. The main things I learned were that it is easy to forget about
risk management (once or twice I got carried away with building the pods), that
knowledge is very useful that it could be deemed a waste of money (for the
shocks that had little impact or missed completely), and that the
infrastructure is great if you can afford it. For me level one is the hardest
in that you are least prepared or able to handle the shocks, and I considered
that higher levels to be where the more developed countries are. 

I live in the US, and the main natural shocks are likely to
be related to hurricanes. From my perspective the game needs some additional
chance factor. This would represent the different political interests in the
decisions that would be made in the game. Just because it seems to make sense
to spend the money, there are other views, and in my version of the game
sometimes just because I wanted to complete an action, I would be outvoted and
nothing would happen.