8398661

The aim of
the game is to develop island in a certain amount of time and with a certain
amount of money. In order to be successful, I also have to take in consideration
the risk of damages caused by the comets that may crash on the island. I can
study this risk through a tool that
allows me to analyse comets’ trend,
in order to decide how to use my
resources (time and money) to reaching the highest level of development.

Through this
window, I am able to know the ‘Chance of hit’ and the ‘Severity’ of the impact
of the nearby comets and to take a strategic protection:

- in case of a low ‘Chance of
hit’ and ‘Severity’ I spend money to develop
the island, saving time;

- in case of high ‘Chance of
hit’ or ‘Severity’ I spend time to monitor
the situation, saving money in order to buy an insurance and cope with the
consequences of the impact, i.e. restoration. Moreover, in this way I was able
to decrease the loss of time through the accumulation of “extra time” provided
to reduce damages.

Since the
time is not enough to both develop and monitor the risk, I need to balance
these two actions. The first time I played, I mainly focused on quick expansion
and, so, I was not successful because I invested all the money in developing
instead of saving some of them for protection scope. 

These
experiences led me to efficiently trade-off
between monitoring and developing. In particular, I followed a via
media:

- I did not developed the buildings too quick
in order to have money for insurance and for lifting the island, but on the
other hand

- I tried not to over-use insurance, leaving money
for the development and the lifting of the island and, in the meantime, 

- I tried not to over-lift the island, in order to
save money and earn time to monitor comets’ trend.

While in the
first round I used to invest most of my resources in developing, with
unsuccessfully results, in the second round I decided to invest a higher part
of it also in insurance. In fact, I
understood that only a long-term
strategy can lead me to the goal, because the short-term approach gave me non-lasting
results.

In this
view, when I was satisfied by the development I didn’t risk everything keeping
on building, but I stop the expansion to focus on the protection: I spent time
in monitoring comets and I spent
money in lifting the island as well. 

 

Thanks to
these different attempts, I have learnt that it is not important to obtain fast
successful results, if they will easily vanish later. As consequence, when I want
to reach a goal I have to know which
are the risks and monitor them,
to find the right trade-off able
to lead me to success.   

Since a lot of real risks are
unexpected, I would supplement the game with a tsunami, in order to teach how to organise resources to be always ready to cope with the consequences
of also unpredictable events.