8401634

This game focussed on the role of risk management in
averting damage and preventing setbacks. The virtual community was damaged and
production lost if the appropriate risk management measures were not taken in
order to protect against damage cause by comets. In order to protect the community, decisions were required to be made relating to trade-offs
between preparing for risk and investing in the development of the community. Preparing
for risk involved the development of protective measures, each of which played
a vital role in the development of a sound risk framework:

1.   
‘Knowledge’ assisted in the understanding of
shocks and the potential outcomes of a comet hit;

2.   
‘Protection’ directly assisted in reducing the
probability and magnitude of loss should a comet hit; and

3.   
‘Insurance’ allowed for the transfer of
resources during good times to assist during bad times so that recovery from a
hit was a lot easier and efficient.

In a sense, ‘knowledge’ helped before the comet hit, ‘protection’ helped during the crisis and ‘insurance’ assisted in recovery after a shock. I found that if I was
prepared on all these three levels, I was able to easily recover immediately
after an adverse development.The first time I played the game, I did not place as much
importance on research as I did playing the second time. In focussing a little
more on research, I was able to more effectively protect from the comets and
have more time to recover from a hit. This made quite a noticeable difference
to my overall risk management and allowed me to advance a further 2 levels
compared to my first try.
Overall, the primary lesson I learnt from the game was that
risk management as a preventative measure is vital. Preparing communities for
crises before they happen and investing in what may sometimes seem ‘low pay-off
activities’ (such as research), can substantially help reduce damage and
improve recovery in adverse situations. 

The game also allowed me to experience first-hand (on a
small scale) certain behavioural obstacles to effective risk management. For example,
thoughts such as “there’s a comet coming with high severity and low chances of
hitting…I doubt it will affect me” ran through my mind during game play.  Such thoughts illustrate the tendency for
humans to become overly self-confident and downplay the chances/effects of
adverse scenarios. 



One simple thing I would change would be to add one other
risk element to the game besides the comets (e.g. add the risk of alien
invasion?). Whilst sometimes communities are confronted with one key risk in
their region, often it is the case that they are susceptible to a risk of
multiple (sometimes quite large) adverse events. For example, regions in rural
Australia are susceptible to both flood and bushfire risk, depending on the season.
Such communities need to consider trade offs, not only between how much they should
invest in risk protection overall, but also how much to invest in protecting
from each type of risk they are
exposed to. 

