8405858

Q1: role of risk management in the game and trade offsThe game dealt with the uncertainty of the degree of damage that a meteor might cause and the likelihood that the damage would reach the plantation. A standard risk equation. In order to manage effectively these risks to the development project, the player was required to balance:Investment in pod development; Investment in physical protection;External insurance; andSelf-insurance (ie cash held back as a reserve but not spent)The crux of the trade offs was how much damage you were prepared to accept in order to boost pod investment, and thus how much money you wanted to spend on mitigation activities. In addition to the money trade off, there was also the management time trade off, as effort on research took attention away from the pods. Lastly, there was the trade-off in the different yields between self-insurance (flexibility, but no proof against a major shock), external insurance (provides comfort against a low probability major shock, but prob not cost-effective for other risks) and physical protection (effective against all but most serious events, but expensive and requires on-going maintenance ). Q2: How did the strategies change? Lessons learnt.Initially, my emphasis was on research and insurance. I then reasoned that insurance should be the last the last line of defence, so I reduced insurance and invested more in development and physical defenses, but kept research high. On reflection, I think my approach was probably risk averse; I found it hard to estimate the combined effect of impact and likelihood , and probably overestimated the importance of impact. I also found myself wanting better info on costs and pay-offs. The biggest info gap was on the development strategy, as I made bad choices because I underestimated the number of levels of pod development programmed. Lesson: good judgments on risk depend on good data and a clear understanding of objectives and strategy. Q3: what changes would you make to make the game more realistic? I am  going to cheat and suggest two changes. Firstly, many risks can be addressed at source before the risk event has materialized. For example, malaria used to be a severe hazard in Italy up to the early part of the 20th century, but was eradicated by the methodical draining of swamps and marshes. Similarly preventive measures can be very effective at preventing the risk event arising in the areas of public health (eg medical staff carefully washing hands to prevent hospital acquired infection) and animal and plant health. The elimination of Rinderpest as a risk to livestock and livelihoods was the result of preventive measures. However, the main risk to the success of any development activity remains the unpredictability of human  behavior. These risks may be external to the direct project team (eg community and political leaders are not persuaded to cooperate) or internal (lack of the right skills or approaches leading to projects with unclear objectives, overly optimistic, addressing the team's interests rather than community priorities, etc).