8446542

The entire game revolved around managing risks
and making decisions that were pertinent to keep the development of pods going. The rationale of
the game was to make sure that the development reaches at a prescribed stage and in order to reach that goal choices have to be made in managing the risks which
were depicted as comets in the game. The resources had to be utilized in a way
that balanced all the major components of the game i.e the development, protection, knowledge and insurance. Striking that balance between these components and taking timely and informed decisions was the core of the game. 

I followed the strategy of focusing on the
development first so that it reaches some desired level. After that the focus
shifted to protecting the pods by the way of insurance as well as increasing
the height. Simultaneously care was taken in upgrading the pods to ensure the
development is not seeing red. The research provided a lot of information that
helped in preparing for the strike, if the chances of hitting and severity of a
comet was low focus was on development and if both were high the focus shifted
to become resilient to, as well as coping with the disaster. Also it was made
sure that even if the severity or chances of a hit were low a certain level of
protection was always there as one cannot be sure of shocks.

I played the game multiple times because during
initial trials I was not able to strike a balance between the aforementioned
components and ended up either being focused on development or protection.
Playing it several times helped me in analyzing where I was going wrong and
helped me in dealing with them in later attempts.The experience gained form the
previous attempts helped me in coming up with a better strategy in my last
attempt that helped me in reaching the fifth level of the game. 

The game should have definitely taken into
account the amount of resources that a person/community/country can afford in
managing the risks they face. A choice/random assignment of curator having
varied amount of resources should have been allotted to bring in the effect of
lack of resources that might hinder even the foundation work for managing the
risks that they might face.If asked to summarize my learning in three major points  after playing the game many times, they would be:Plan: Ad hoc development without proper research and estimation of resources can prove to be a disasterManage: Managing the resources and utilizing them to the maximum is the keyPrepare: Always be prepared for shocks, sometimes they may miss, but they would strike when least expected, so be on your toes