8455044


The role of risk management in
the game was to provide just enough protection (via insurance or
research and community connections), to allow the required
development progress to occur in the allotted time. By
doing so you minimise resource wastage (money and time) in
unnecessary protection that
could be better spent on
upgrades.

I had to make the judgement of
where to use the two resources I had: time and money. Once I knew I
would achieve the required development to
pass each level I did not
upgrade further (doing so would increase the cost of repairs) and
instead saved money to use for land raising or insurance.

I had to chose between different
types of protection for each level. Insurance is long lasting (lasts
one level) and is useful late
game due to a high level
of development  (Large
repair costs)
and more risk of damage
from high severity comets.
While insurance is effective at mitigating the impact on development,
 using research and
community connections can prevent damage to assets, thus more money
can be spent on upgrades for faster development. I found I could pass
the first 3-4 levels without buying insurance.
By
spending that insurance money on upgrades I could obtain a high
enough development rate to pass levels
5  6.
I had to judge what level of protection to use as
too little may result in damage
and a low development, but
too much protection also results in low development and failure
because I can't afford
upgrades.



Game-wise, I learnt that the key
to passing the last two levels (or reaching the highest level of
development) was to invest heavily on upgrades the first few levels -
using research and community connections to protect assets – during
favourable
low risk conditions.
This means you can afford essential insurance protection in the last
two levels, when frequent
high severity comets
result in unfavourable
conditions. This approach
is a good example of risk management as we know that expensive
protection measures are only warranted in the last few levels (when
risk of damage is high).

Principle-wise, I learnt that I
should always be
conducting risk management. In
favourable times, I should invest
heavily in
assets as preparation
for unfavourable times,
when resources must be diverted towards protection,
and asset investment is
therefore harder to afford.



The second time I played the
game, I chose to
ration scarce resources, because over spending of either time or
money in one area will often lead to large physical
or opportunity costs (in
possible development or large repair costs) due to neglect. I also
chose to
always be doing something in the game, for instance, I would research
a high risk comet while watching my savings rise to the level at
which I could (and would) upgraded a building.

To make a new version of the game
better represent the risk management choices that matter where I live
(Florida), I would change the actual threat from comets to
hurricanes. The player would play the role of the Florida
Catastrophic Risk Management Center. The player would have to make
exactly the same trade-offs as in the original, but now has to
monitor tropical storm patterns to see if they will develop into a
full scale hurricane, and whether or not the storm will actually hit
Florida.
