8459797

Risk management refers to the practice of identifying potential risks in advance, analyzing them and taking precautionary steps to reduce/curb the risk. The risk ion the game was that the falling comet. these comets would hit the water and cause waves that damages development. To manage the risk in the game we have three powers namely Research, Protection, and Insurance. The power of Research is to look and study the chances of comet hitting, the time until impact and the severity of the comet. It helps in boosting our protection. the second power is the Power of Protection, it is to raise our island to the level of the severity of the comet. The third and the last power is the Power of Insurance, it is to protect the pods damage cost and repair it quicker there are three different plans the 33% plan, the 50% plan and the 75% plan.The plan cover the cost of damage according to the respective percentage covered in the plan. The role of risk management in the game was to use the three powers in show with the development. For that one needs to know the prefect balance of the proportion of the three powers.the choices I made was as follows:-build the pods 2-3 in each level and also upgraded them in each leveltook the insurance according to the chances of the first comet hitting raised the level of island to a minimum of level 4 of severity and increased it according to the severity of the next cometresearched about the comet simultaneously I mainly followed the same strategy in ever try of the game just changed the priorities of the powers and the level of development of pods. The main things I learnt from the game were:-Prevention is better than cureIf we have the knowledge of the risk we can successfully conquer that riskInsurance gives a great helping hand in recovering the damages caused by the riskInsurance should be done well in advanceBy just raising the level of the island the level of damage caused by the risk can be reduced or avoided The changes i would propose for the better representation of risk management are:-To spread awareness about the riskchange risk each stagegive two different risk in any one of the stagesgive different ways to increase the money used as power cost