8461560

The role of risk management in the game was to see how participants prepare for any systemic eventuality like natural disasters that could happen at any time without warning and regard for life and property. I had to focus more on building and upgrading the pods in order to1. Increase my chances of getting to the next level2. Increase community support when hitIn addition, I acquired the highest value insurance to cover majority of the expenses in the event of a flood disaster and gathered information regarding comets with a severe likely impact as this assisted in boosting my safe levels. As a result of my focus on knowledge and insurance, limited focus was placed on the level of protection required and as such unable to completely reduce the level of risk to the community. Preparations was affected significantly due to1. The speed, and magnitude of the comet - that meant researching the comet was more important to achieve than building protection. 2. The speed of the game - the timing for each level meant preparations had to be made swiftly in seconds to utilize each resource within a given time frame or window3. Inability to use all the resources at the same time - this meant having to trade off capturing particular information and resource to reduce the possibility of risk and ensure the possibility of gainHowever, after sometime it was necessary to rebuild the pods and commence efforts towards protection which had limited time. After the first game the time I spent building pods and buying the insurance had to decrease while trying to increase the time spent increasing the level of protection. In addition I had to prioritize which comets to research as not all of them would severely impact the community. I learnt that I had to prioritize each risk level as dwelling on risks with low impact can be distracting leaving me open to more disastrous impact from risks with a higher level of intensity especially when not preparing for it before impact. The risk currently in Nigeria is one of insurgency and political unrest, therefore I would look to change the game from one of natural disaster to policy making to see how people given their tenure (categorized in time limit) are able to create policies that would better protect citizens from suicide bombers and any political unrest, able to research ways to better handle insurgents during political unrest periods prior to any future unrest as well as identify appropriate coping techniques to be made available to the citizens during and after such events.