8481234

To successfully mitigate the
risk it needs to have proper risk management plan. There are various risk
management tools that could be used to manage risk successfully.

In the game of Alora the
island could be protected by having pror preparation and coping amount people
after a hit. 

The Preparation for risk in
the game is done by having three ways: insurance, increasing protection and having knowledge through research.In practice protection , insurance and knowledge is very much useful in preparing for a disaster situation.

By having protection it help
to mitigate the risk by reducing the impact of the shock. Protection is taking actions to reduce the negative outcome of the shock.

By doing research it generates
more knowledge and eliminates the sudden unexpected shock. And will help better
coping after the hit. In the game it is done by increasing the research about
the comets which gives more time for illuminating after a hit.

Purchasing insurance help
rebuild at a low cost and in practice it is a very effective way for managing
risk.

Then once a risk is materialized,
the harmful effects of the sock could be minimized with a good coping
mechanism. In the game the more research done on the comet it had more time to create connections amount the citizens and it allowed to minimize the damage.

Implementing risk management
tools involves cost and time.  However
without the risk management the consequences could substantially affect the
island. Therefore it is worthwhile to invest prudently on risk management
tools.

In the fist attempts I did
not purchase insurance covers and after a hit I found it very difficult to
rebuild and it was very expensive and time consuming too. The above situation deter
me from achieving the development targets. But later when a come. However it is very much cheaper to invest on risk management compared to the costly damages. 

Proposed to add to
the game for a new verion

It could introduce bank loan
facilities when running short of funds but at a higher interest rate to reflect
the real world scenario.

Other risks also could be
incorporated to the risk other than the threat from comets.

