853649

Overall, the role of risk management in the game was to transform a barren and comet-prone region into a fertile and safe place using coping, knowledge, insurance, and protection resources. Damaged pods had to cope with decreased island protection once comets hit. Knowledge was presented in form of research on comets and feedback on time left to finish goal. Insurance was offered in form of insurance policies of three kinds and community connections. Protection was present in form of elevating the island to match the severity of the comets.I had to trade off knowledge for protection. Rather than taking into account the information on the comets, I went ahead and raised the island whenever comets of any type approached it. I had raised the island to the fourth level by the second round! In short, I didn't have much faith in the research on the comets whenever I did understand the research. Besides, during my first play, the information provided on the comets' level of damage was confusing and did not match the actual damage caused by the comets, and this made me lose faith in the importance of knowing the comets' severity forecast. Unfortunately, preparation (island elevation) made me lose time and slowed the development of the pods. Fortunately, preparation protected the pods from damage and caused them to be repaired faster once the comets hit. Overall, the effect of preparation was immediate. Also, I bought the highest level of insurance whenever I had the funds to do so, and I was quick to repair any damage (to the pods and to the island's level of protection), and so perhaps I didn't allow for much coping in the island.After playing the game the first time, I made more room for development by not increasing protection (island elevation) right away each round. Also, I planted and developed more pods. This got me to the third round but no farther. The game taught me that 1) preparation can be a barrier to development sometimes but its benefits more than make up for its costs. 2) Knowledge is important, while ignorance of knowledge application and toleration of blind trial-and-error hinder progress and cause one to make the same mistakes repeatedly.If I could develop a new version of the game, I would lower or eliminate community to match where I live. The influence of community seems quite weak in eastern United States, especially in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. While pursuing market efficiency and shaping responsible governments, the area has lost the power of the community in solving problems. I doubt people would reach out to others in their community right after any disaster or even maintain those interactions long after any disaster. Distrust of neighbors may result from frequent news on crime waves in the city, and this is a common sentiment amongst immigrant and non-immigrant families that settle in those areas. Immigrants tend to distrust "those loud and rude American neighbors," while "those Americans" tend to distrust "those non-Americans" and "those racist cops." ("Cops" is slang for "police officers").