856743

This game at first seems to be very confusing and silly. However after analyzing and playing it a few times, I discovered some tricks and how to do better. These tricks can be called "planning". I at first I hired insurance (first level of  coverage as it seems price wise fair in comparison to others) to cover possible losses and to increase speed of recovery and reconstruction. Doing the analysis on the comet help me to know when to increase the size or height of the island, so that impact could be lower on the pods. It really helped me reach the 4th level. Risk management role on that game is the base on how to move to next level, on how to prevent harmful destruction of the island and the protection of the investment made on it. Since it was of common knowledge that the island of was under the attack of comets that could destroy partially or completely the pods and the investment, it was imperative to find ways to protect it, to minimize impact ( specially when comets had high impact possibility that could be found out when researching it)  and keep funds available to finance then  a quick reconstruction of the damages. It was also clear that increasing the size of the island was not imperative, since after reaching the goal, when triggering the increase button, no power was drained, only cash. So major tasks on the game were:1 - build the pods 2 - insure the island 3 - research the comments to analyse impact 4 - maintain available cash for reconstruction of island and to invest in developing the pods 5 - increase island sideIf was to change somethings on the game, I would give more power to increasing the island height. Building solid structures, specially in terrains where the possibility of acts of God are high, is imperative, and should always come first, as the example of California and Japan where the buildings are prepared for earthquakes of enormous magnitudes.  I live in Brazil, so disasters here are not common, but floods, such as one that happened in the state of Santa Catarina a few years ago, when their plan of Emergency preparedness was Zero and no contingency plan. Insurance companies lost millions on that episode due to bad risk assessing from the government that should consider the floods, our game comets. It was a very interesting experience. 