858625

The risk horizon game teaches us that knowledge
and research can tell us the impact of the risk, to overcome or to minimize the
risk .We need to build enough protection in order to endure during the adverse
condition. The protection can only be build with enough resources, the resources
must be build in certain period of time to achieve sustainable development to
cope with the challenges in the future. The scale of protection must be known
via the intensive research. If the hit is inevitable we need to build a
connection to strengthen the protection network via collective effort from
community, country and even at national level to protect our planet as a whole.
To further mitigate the risk, we can purchase insurance in order to compensate
for the potential loss at the expense of the insurance premium.

The impact of the risk can also be associated the
context of the natural disaster that happen around the world. Global warming
effect will affect mostly the country with lower altitude level. Melting of the
iceberg causes sea level rising and cover the low altitude country like Maldives.
Before the country is completely flooded by the sea , the residents need to
generate enough resources to generate enough protection in limited period
before the it is flooded. For instance they can buy special insurance to
protect their asset and even life. They can use resource to educate the world about
the adverse effect on global warming. Since the conflict of interests of the
world leaders are outweigh Maldivian interest. This education at world level is
just like mission impossible .Maldives people should make good use of their university
to conduct research on cutting edge technology for instance floating house,
underwater house or even submerge house if they wish to stay in their country. The
lack of time and sufficient resources are the obstacles to develop cutting edge
new technology. The country must have contingency plan to prepare for the worse,
mass migrating to neighbor country can be a good options from them. Thus, they
should establish a good relationship at international country for their next
refuge.

The risk can only be prevented if able we able
to seize the opportunity in the limited time to develop necessary resources via
research and development to generate enough protection in order to reduce or nullify
the impact of the adverse condition. If the risk is inevitable, we need to seek
a way to mitigate and minimize the loss via proper risk protection plan like
insurance.

