880991

With the game I learned that two of the most effective way of good risk management is knowledge (preparation) and to cope. I had to know what risks I was subjected to, which where my resources (of time and money), the things I had to take care of (the houses) and to know the right moment for the right decision. I learned that insurance was a very good ally to easily recover potential losses (so I invested my money in the highest returning insurance value). Cooperation between houses was a great ally to in order to recover from damages caused by the comets - this showed how the community must be engaged in order to help to recover the losses and get back on track. Another interesting point was that of growth opportunity: I had to know the right timing to protect the village from the commets, build new houses and invest for improvement of the already built houses. Also if a house was hit or damaged by a commet, I had to know and use my resources in order to repair it in due time. So, many tough decisions were made in a small time spin.In reality many times risk managers are faced with situations like these ones that I wrote about: they must have the right understanding of their resources such as time, money and personel (among others) so that they can make the best decisions either for preventing catastrophes or for recovering from big losses. It implies also that they should have leadership in order to take control of the situation.It is also necessary to find the right opportunity to grow or to make growth possible through investments. These actions must be played by public and private actors who are willing to help the community (even if they are not directly facing the same risk as the rest of the community).It was an important part of this small game to complete the introduction. going through the tutorial was necessary to know the game, know what I was supposed to do, know which were the risks I was facing, know who I was supposed to protect and so on. All this information was important so that I could know which were my goals and take the right actions to achieve it.As it concerns behavioral obstacles, I saw that I couldn´t get any action done if I were not willing to, so the first step is to want to take risks for the better.