888105

The
game reflects the following points among others:

•
Riskhorizon is pascal tool of assessing the effectiveness of
Research, Protection and Insurance measures in buliding resilience in
face of disaster imminence.
 There may therefore be scope for
developing core indicators of
 performance and a standard typology of
disasters to enable a better
 assessment of both baseline trends and
the performance of research measurement.


•
The imminence of disasters
 caused by sudden extreme
climatic events (meteors) – a wonder of that game - impact climate change on disaster
 resilience therefore needs to be
considered.
The risk assessment and disaster resilience
 strategy
also need to take into account broader
issues that will have implications on
 vulnerability and disaster
risk. This could
 include population increase, migration and
 price
rises much more that single indicator of pods

•
Riskhorizon game is a good tool that employs 'Use values' that
estimate values for the goods and services
 lost due to a
disaster event. If these are items, then are trade off  in the place, then cost can be used as a proxy of the value of environmental
goods
 and services. For services e.g
recreational value
 derived by the natural environment, and non-use
values e.g value of knowing
 that a certain species will not become
extinct, these can be estimated through a
 more survey-based approach
such as contingent valuation method

•
At a single play of the game, more energy concentrated on building a
capacity insurance at the expense of limited resource(cost) is later
believed to have concentrated on pods farer from clif edge to
reinforce protection at lower cost referenced to time constrain.

•
More information on the extent to which Research, Protection and
Insurance measures reduce the
 impact of disasters. This could take
the form of a “ready
 reckoner”, which would take account of
factors such as nature of hazard,
 the number of persons affected,
local geography etc to help identify or

prioritise
appropriate types of Research, Protection and Insurance measures.


•
Similarly, a manual for simplified project appraisal at Research,
Protection and Insurance project level

may
be useful to help those implementing Research, Protection and
Insurance measures to select the best
 options, and to help programme
sponsors evaluate expenditure  


•
An analysis of which Research, Protection and Insurance measures also
yield significant non-Research, Protecchon and insurance
 development
benefits (or costs), and the extent to which they do so, could

potentially
help mainstream Research, Protection and Insurance into other
development programmes.


•
More guidance or tools on disaster proofing critical social and
economic
 infrastructure (such as hospitals, emergency services, key
transport routes
 and telecommunications) would be useful if I was to
add more. Methods of disaster proofing,
 and assessment of the costs
and benefits of protecting critical
 infrastructures could be
additional tools within the Research, Protection and Insurance of the
community
 or habitat.

ref:http://www.gfdrr.org/gfdrrhttp://www.cred.be/

