901356

The role of risk management in
the game is that you have to make choices how to develop and protect from the
key risk in the game – meteor hitting. You have to achieve your level goal by
developing your base which is threatened by meteors. In terms of knowledge we
can observe all the incoming objects and thus we can understand what is the
chance that they will hit the planet , how much damage will they do on our
property and by knowing this we can take actions to protect our developments.
We can protect them by raising highness of our land  which comes at a certain price in terms of
our development – if we raise it too much we will run out of money for
developing and we won’t be able to reach our level goal. Other option is to buy
an insurance so if there is a hit the repairs will cost less. The preparations
for risk can be tricky in a way that they cost a substantial amount of money
and if you invest too much of your wealth in it you won’t be able to improve
your buildings and you won’t pass the level. You can buy an insurance policy
just before you will be hit so the impact won’t be devastating for your improvement.
The preparations can be immediate – by raising your highness level the waves
won’t be able to hit your improvement or can be afterwards – by covering some
of the losses (in case you had purchased insurance policy.). You must keep some
money for repairs of your building too. The main thing that I learned from this
game is that there must be balance between development and risk management.
When I was playing the game for the second time I bought an insurance (the
first time I wasn’t) and also I was paying more attention to the meteors by
observing them (it was good to know if the possibility for hit is high or low
and it also gives me the opportunity to made more connections just before the
hit). If I have to develop a new version of the game I will add the possibility
of buying an anti-meteor rockets so that you can have one more options for
protection. This week in my country – Bulgaria – here in the capital city –
Sofia was a terrific hailstorm which caused damage for nearly 60 million only
for the insured vehicles (there are other casualties including the life of one
man). All this could be prevented if there were better connections between the
authorities and if there were anti-hailstorm rockets (there were shortage for rockets
and the government hadn’t approved money for buying new once before the storm).