907096

1. Risk Horizon game was an exiciting game with some unique features. As the new threats emerged it was a big challenge to balance in accordance with potential threats. Risk management was the approach to move forward and foster growth.This game was a strategic game and taking right decision was the challenge to confront with risk in each level. How to protect and what preventive measure I need to take was the vital decision. Development of a nation is the ultimate consequence of good decision when risk occurred. Insurance, research and taking preventive measures all helped to move forward.Risk is the potential threat to development and hinders promising development. After affecting development it requires reinforcement. Confronting attitude and adjustment may be the ways. Preparation for a new challenge is the best way to fight back.2. I have played this game once and it was really a very good practice for me to take challenge and ensure own success. I'll try to play analyzing my previous experience where I have started emphasizing all areas. This time, I'll make decision patiently to avoid large amount of risk. I'll try to protect my areas effectively and efficiently using more strategies.The main features I have learned from this game were:Be prepared for uncertainty of risk;Make immediate reaction from available resources rather unreal and thoughtful decisions;Research is a significant tool for managing risk;Develop gradually in important regions rather vulnerable positions;3. I would prefer to add some contents to release a new version. It was shown that I can repair if any risk associated with. There are some risks like natural calamities where damages are huge and unavoidable sometimes. I want to install feature where a structure damages completely. And new opportunities like changing attitude and create awareness add more points and lessen damages. I live in a country where we face quite similar types of disasters. It is necessary to aware people and prepare them to stand against those debris. Ultimately we can make some movement to reach our collective objective. Improving peoples income condition, standard of living and prepare for battles may bring a positive attitude and assist to manage risks. Redundancy of risks and proper support can change the outlook of a community and make people capable against anarchy.