913077


Risk management was substantial issue
in the Risk Horizon game. Without proper activities, connected with risk management,
developing Alura’s community would not be possible. Balance risk preparation
and development was the main point in this game. 



There was only one obstacle to develop
Alura’s community. In space were plenty of comets which were hitting an Alura
Planet. 

There ware three tools to preparing
for the potential risk and balance between them was the key to understand risk management.
It was: research, protection and insurance. It was
important to select a tool that supports the risk management process.

In my opinion the most effective tool,
in this game, was research. Without this tool it was impossible to got an
information about the chance of the comet hitting, the time until impact, and
the severity of the comet. With this information, there was possibility to use another
tool, such as protection or insurance. 

It is important to say, that using/doing
only research was not enough. With information, which we got from the research,
we could protect community, which means prevent pods from being damaged. Unfortunately
it cost a lot of “money”. Spending money on protecting decreased growth and difficult
to achieve the next level. Furthermore preparation for risk affect development after some
time. It was not immediately action. Also
doing research absorbed money and time.  

The last tool was an
insurance. It was said that, by obtaining insurance, pods damaged from flooding would be quicker and
cheaper to rebuild. Unfortunately it was impossible to notice, for me, the influence
of this tool. It was one of the main problem in this game.

I played the game more than once and
I spent a lot of time to achieved 2 level. It was really difficult to do it. I
was trying to using all tools in different proportions but still it was not enough
to achieve next level. I was doing researches and I was protecting pods in most
of the time. Unfortunately I did not know how many pods should I built in one
level. I also did not notice the correlation between insurance and risk management
in this game.

However, in my opinion this game was worthy to
play. I learn a lot and it was really nice to do such exercise. Unfortunately
after spent more then 2 or 3 hours playing this game and still staying on the 2
level was really frustrating. I would recommend to put some “evidence” of
correlations between actions and reactions in this game. It will be easier to
learn more and to notice how risk management should work