915227

The game risk
horizon is about the city of Alora which is prone to being hit by river waves
created due to comets which careen into the water on the shores of the city. As
a Luminator, our job was to develop the city and in the process manage the risk
of hindered development of the city due to it being hit by ocean waves. The
game very interestingly combined the different aspects of risk management i.e.
Research and Knowledge, Protection and Insurance in order to help understand
the concepts even better. It is very much a simulation of a real world situation
where the risk is that comets will hit the ocean and destroy the city. So the
citizens need to plan and prepare for the risk, protect themselves before the
situation strikes and make sure that they are financially able to cope up with
the losses if such a situation comes up. There is some amount of wealth
allocated for development of the city which is directly a factor of time; hence
the more time we have the more wealth is generated to be spent for the city’s
development. Also, in order to protect the city from the waves, the city
platform can be raised up to certain height, however this requires resources. There
is a research lab which investigates the probability and severity with which a
comet can hit the waters. However since the research takes time, a decision
needs to be made if by we need to protect the city by investing our resources
in raising the city platform or by buying insurance. So, a lot of trade off had
to be made into making this decision. For example, a low severity and low probability
event could be mitigated by raising the platform but for a high severity and
high probability event, a combination of buying insurance and raising the
platform will be a more effective strategy in terms of utilization of minimum
resources. But the preparation of risk management did come at a cost, i.e.
development was stalled because the resource i.e. both time and money had to be
diverted towards it. But the cost benefit of investing in managing the risks proved
to be of immense value.

The game
teaches the central idea of how risk management is essential for development by
introducing a real world problem simulated in form of an interesting game. If I
would play the game again then I would make sure that development is taken on
at a fast rate initially when the risks are very less and be prepared for the
worst case. For example, there must be some wealth which should be kept aside
in case of unforeseen circumstances like sudden appearance of a high severity
comet. Also, a combination of protection and insurance should be used in a more
efficient way so as to minimise the utilization of resources. Also, research
should be done more comprehensively to determine the actual risk that is being
faced currently or in the future. One of key lessons that I took away was how
important it was to manage and prepare for the risk of future damages in a very
early stage.

If I were
given a choice to upgrade the game and include some different features then I
would try to give the user the option to check how resource he actually used
and the minimum he could have used. I would also give option to customize rules
based on the number and severity of comets hitting at one particular time.
Also, I would include features of catastrophe events where rebuilding is not
possible and people need to relocate. Also the pods destruction level could be
dependent on its distance from the ocean.