927748

The game was illustrative about the dilemma of managing risk caused by falling comets, and in the other hand, building and upgrading pods. The central problem is how to manage scarce resources, represented in the game as time and money. Maybe if you are a former gamer or have experience in strategy games, the time would not be a problem because of, along the time, you develop and upgrade pods faster, and thus you have more time to research the comets. 

At the beginning, I had as priority getting the full insurance package and develop just a few pods, but I spent more time rebuilding than upgrading the pods. Then, I change my strategy and I built all the pods in order to obtain more money and invest in higher levels of protection. In consequence, I can
pass until de third level, where I was hit by a powerful comet just before time was over, so I can’t rebuild and reach the development level required to keep me in the competition. 

As unfortunate fact, I have to say that, afterward I review peer’s advises
in the forum, I play again, but my internet connection fail the entire weekend. So, I can accomplish my goal at the time of getting this reflection done. Thus, I only can suppose that the best strategy is build all the pods, get the minimum package of
insurance, and keep the protection at least to the fifth level. Furthermore, it’s very important focus on the comets with high severity and change-of-hitting levels; because the time you spend on repairing is a lot, especially when you have all the pods
built. From my experience with the game, I may suggest add more information to allow the gamer evaluate what is the more cost-effective option. For instance, I like to know how much I receive from each pod’s level, in order to decide upgrade the pods,
get a better insurance package or improve my protection. As well the real challenges that actually face policy makers, information allows them obtain better result with a short experience curve. Right now, I work for a the planning office of the national
public institution for health sector surveillance, where we focus on getting the right information that allows us take the best decisions in order to protect the life of our citizens.