947624

Answer 1The role of the risk management in the game serves as a real time strategy game that teaches how and why risk management is important for a healthy development. My main task is to build and develop the community to the best of my ability when meeting some milestones along the way. I made several choices such as build the community, strengthen it and repair it. By dedicating resources towards the rebuilding effort upfront, pods that are damaged from the waves will be quicker and cheaper to rebuild. It also recovers lost development time after I get my pods repaired. By using these three powers in concert with development, I will help creating a healthy community and creat a Luminator legacy. The only way to succeed may be to find the perfect balance and keep my eyes on the horizon.Answer 2I reached the level 1 but I had no thorough understanding on the strategy in a more deeper way. Then I tried the second attempt and reached to the level 2. The lesson learnt from the games are each action will cost me precious resources. By matching the level of protection with the severity of the comet, I will keep my pods healthy. Nevertheless, the more I lift, the more this power costs. Protecting the community is useful, but can get expensive. The higher the community rises, the more expensive it becomes to raise it further. Diminishing returns are a fact of life here.However, Alora may fall victim to falling comets, shocks as we call them. Very dangerous comets sometimes come back to back. It is important to look out for these Duos of Doom and research, protect, and insure for the worst.These comets careen into the water and cause waves that may hinder the development. My task it to balance between growing the communities and preparing for the potential shocks. Answer 3If I am tasked with developing a new version of this interactive game which allows me to change or add one simple thing, I am going to add the character of people from many nations on this earth so it will looks more alive. Also when the comet hits the earth, it should also need to have real wave to picture the situation. But I think in my humble opinion, the overall game's graphic design was presented in such a great way.