948787

It could be difficult to reach the development goal
without necessary protection and planning. Three things is important e.g.
research, protection and insurance. Research is important to get information
about upcoming disaster so that proper planning and risk management can be
initiated for the community. Additionally research is important to develop long
term strategy for example to know frequency and intensity of disaster on the
respective community. With this information necessary insurance can be
purchased which can be useful for further repair and maintenance. But
development of the community is also very important in order to build-up enough
wealth for strengthening protection measures and insurance which ultimately
boost up existing development initiatives. In this game I put more emphasis on
research and insurance and continuous development of community (building and
upgrading).  I played several times and
each time I tried to impose new strategy to see how it works. Such as either
increasing protection or purchasing/increasing insurance premium. But the
following try I have got success when I keep the same level protection with severity
of damages.  Also when I saw development
bar green and approaching target, I stopped so that I would have enough wealth
for the next level development. Through research this was possible to reach the
goal. My learning is that balancing is important for a healthy development
which is quite tuff but not very difficult. Another important learning is that
to build network between community people during disaster. In that situation
they both can help each other and do joint effort to minimize the risk. The
best things I have learned is to be cautious and quick responsive to risk
avoidance and healthy development.Finally I would say this is
very time consuming game considering its use in study purpose but not that time
consuming if you understand the game. That’s means research and study on the
specific area, its geographical location, disaster risk forecast is crucial for
proper planning and quick responsive measures.  One suggestion would be
this can be done by multiple player options so that everybody can contribute to
explore the solution quickly. This can also save time both for use as study
materials and in practical. In my place case I would probably keeping option to
circulate early warning system so that community people can reach cyclone
shelters before the cyclone attacks. This can minimize the cost for self protection measures or insurance premium. 











 