975634

Risk management has a core role it this game.
You can build and develop your own planet, you can make researches which help
you to evaluate and predict your risks, you can insure and protect
your community. After each level you get detailed explanation of what happened and it
helps a lot. Some tools gave you immediate result but some stays with you for
longer period of time.
I
played this game many times. My curiosity and 'And what if I ...?' question
made me play this game over and over again.
I
tried to build different communities.
I
built communities of 9, 4 and 2 members. My try to develop only 1 member was
absolutely not successful. So my key learning point #1 is it's better to play
in a team and live in a community. In real life it means support, help and
speed while you are preparing for the future risks or fixing the consequences.
I
tried to add it all at the same time and one by one, and I found out that in
this game it's better to add it one by one. In this case you have an
opportunity to build and develop the community. I had a feeling that I'm
leading my community to the better future. And key learning point #2 is don't
try to get everything at the same time. Make baby steps and don't rush things.
If we
are talking about different insurance plans than I can say that I've tried them
all too. I tried to buy only one plan but also I tried to buy new ones during
the game. And of course I tried to play without it just using researches as a
crazy. Key learning point #3 it's possible to live without any insurance but
you must be VERY careful. You have to be aware of every single thing around
you. Key learning point #4 don't think that the best insurance plan will save
your life. No, it's not going to be like that. That money will help you to rebuild
everything after collapse but it will not make any change without good
researches and innovations implementation.
What
would I add to the game?  A possibility to save my results. For example I
tried many things and I learn how it works by my own mistakes. But in real life
we usually analyze past cases so our decisions are based on historical data
too. In real life the price for such tries would be TOO high.Thank
you for reading!