992263

In the game the main trade-off is between short term growth and risk preparation measures. The growth goals for the levels are quite hard to meet and trying to go completely safe by getting a good insurance, building up a lot of protection and researching all of the larger impact threats is futile. The Strategy I adopted was to expand housing as fast as possible while keeping some money ready to buy insurance. I checked all threads as they appeared and ignored low impact ones. at the first really high impact threat I would buy insurance and if the probability of impact is high try to research it to the highest level to allow for good last minute preparation. Due to the high growth rates required it was hardly possible to build up much protection. Here I would only invest, after the growth goal for a level had been reached or if an extinction threat of the highest level approached and It was already completely researched.What I did differently after the first try was that I started ignoring the low level threats as even if they hit recovering would be cheaper than preparing. I also started to buy the insurance only after a high impact threat showed up as it would allow me to use the money for expansion first and thereby reaching the level goals earlier. Also, less instructively the fact that the game could be started over however often one wanted was motivating me to ignore nearly all threats in the first level and to only continue a game if the result of the the first level was good.In my opinion the game was well made as it was immersive and well designed. Including it as an integral part of a mooc seems a bit odd. Especially as the amount that can be learned by playing it is small and as it is difficult enough so that probably many of the participants will use several hours of their time trying to achieve the level required for maximum points in the mooc. I'd consider most of this time as a loss.If I had to revise the game I'd make it slightly less difficult to better balance the time required with the amount learned. Furthermore I'd make the insurance system more realistic. So the insurance costs would rise after a high impact threat becomes visible and sink as the remaining time of the level decreases.