Risk Management lesson through game quite innovative but not as much effective.

Before I write about the three questions I have to say this: Frustration is my word for that game. It’s boring, complicated, not user-friendly and annoying. I played several times and I couldn´t pass from level 2. I was giving up. I was tired; I felt that the game was impossible to play. In one occasion, in the first level, three comets fell down at the same time! It was ridiculous.

Playing this game was very challenging. The instructions were not precise enough. At first, I did not understand the risk management aspect; I was too busy trying to understand the game itself.

I need to admit that, I have difficulty understanding the risk horizon. Summoning courage to play again and again is frustrating and because I wanted to advance in this course, I have to attempt several times to reach level 2.

My gaming skill (especially on this one) is terrible but still, I had to do 'act' on this assignment.  Using my home computer made it worst.  I did not have the right tool (resources?) and knowledge, and slowly, led me to frustration and hopelessness: Simply 'inaction', no more Risk and Management course!

I must admit the game was quite a struggle for me. I am not sure if there was some technical problem on my side, but I was not able to visibly profit from the community connection minigame. I was clicking and connecting the highlighted buildings, but there was no indication that I would be doing it right and even though I tried to click on them and connect them, I was still receiving very high damage. Similarly, I was frustrated from getting protection.

As some of the students pointed in the forums, I got frustrated too trying to succeed Risk Horizon, I haven't read all instructions to be honest! I tried couple of times and failed to complete level 1

I found that the game did not always work well depending on the system being used.

I found the game somewhat frustrating, at maximum I got to level 2, but not beyond.

I hate computer games .This is most silly and foolish .i  do not want10% marks on this..

I was not really impressed with the game as it is not clear what were the risks and the goals of the activity.

I tried to play on Risk Horizon game for 6 - 7 times, but I still did not understand completely how to play it, how to use the tools, and tricks to win the game.

I won't play it againI won't play it again.(1) Do not waste time.(2) Digital games hazardous to mental health (3) gaming mentality hampers developmentThis is a wrong game to teach risk management as it is heavily biased for speed than for strategy.