Risk management plays a crucial role in this game.

Risk Management is an integral part of this game as its requires rights actions to be taken at the right time due to the time constraints and the limited resources of funds given.

The role of risk management in the game was to make the community a stable, strong and prospering community.

The Risk Horizon game gives a virtual experience on how risk can be managed and how sometimes risk can be converted into opportunities for growth and development.

The role of risk management in the game was very huge.

Role of risk management in the game is to identify numerous factors that contribute to risk of a disaster.

The game provided an opportunity to employ the basic concepts of risk management in an interactive and engaging environment.

Risk management played an very fundamental role in this game.

In this game, effective risk management would result in achieving a certain level of development in each stage of the game.

In order to succeed at this game, a balanced approach was needed between building a strong set of pods, raising their level, gaining information to know how to react and using insurance to mitigate losses.

The role of risk management in the game was to develop the community (building pods, enriching them to withstand natural disasters) as well as to save the community from falling comets which had the capacity to destroy the community as a whole.

In this game you have to build a city, but above all you have to protect it from the damage of meteorites.

The role of risk management is to secure structures built so to have minimum damage when the comet hits.

The game Risk Horizon illustrates the important role of risk management for a healthy development.

Risk management is essential to minimize the potential adverse impact and keep the plan (business/devleopment) on track.

This game taught me that the resource is scarce and needs to be used wisely to mitigate risks.

Risk was central to the game.

The role of risk management in this game was three fold.

Development is Risk Horizon's ultimate objective. To reach optimized development, however, one needs to manage risks effectively.

The game was all about Risk Management, how you need to think strategically - balancing between preparing for risk and investing in developing your community- and also thinking about the different tools you have at your disposal.

Risk management is implied when you decide to invest more in development of the pots if the risk of impact of comets and the severity associated with the impact is below your protection and insurance limits.

Role of Risk Management are as follows:  Knowledge of comets about the severity  impacts of the comets  doing research option and dissemination of early warning to avoid the damage.

The role of risk management in this game was evaluating and eventually choosing to which extent I should protect the recently created village against comets (natural disasters).

In the game, the player decides everything and take challenges.

Risk Horizon Game - A perspective on managing risk in real lifeThe risk horizon game involved making decisions to build pods with the ability to upgrade them, research potential dangers, obtain insurance and even protection in the event of a natural disaster.

The role of the risk management in the game is to prepare and properly equip an individual, family or a community in unforeseen disasters that may arrive.

The role of risk management in the game was as to how to ensure that the negative impact of the comets is minimized so as to ensure that the development goals are met in the specific time limits.

The main role of risk management in the game was about making the decision when to invest in improving your colony and when to invest in building up your defenses.

The role of risk management was to demonstrate that for every decision is made, it involves risks to assume.

The role of risk management in the game was to evaluate the risk that each of the meteors brought to the village and prepare in the best way possible for the consequences.

The role of risk management in this game was to effectively block, or minimize, the risk and damage of comets striking the planet.

The game is about assessing the “shocks” (meteors) and matching it against what resources you have or needed to have to mitigate damage and destruction.

Role of risk management in the game—giving warning through research and the ability to know the severity and the chance of target.

This little island in a strange world resembles in many ways a country, at the beginning, resources are not many, security is a myth and insurance seems like as an unimportant inversion, this can serve as an analogy for developing countries.

The role of risk management was to hinder catastrophic losses due to comets' impacts while avoiding slowing down too much the development of the various pods.

The role of the risk management in the game was large. In order to succeed in  the game I had to try to prevent damages and also fix the damage after it had  occured.

The game showed in a very practical way the different components of risk management, its importance as well possible trade-offs that have to be made for a successful risk management strategy.

Risk management was an obvious and important part of the Risk Horizon game.

In my opinion one of the main aims of the game is to get the players more knowledgeable and more strategic when it comes to risk management.

Pertaining to risk management as embodied in the risk horizon game, hereunder are my observations.

Role of risk management in the game was highly important as one has to build the pods and simultaneously keep a look over the comets which is going to strike and cause damage to it.

The \"risk horizon\" game provided a visual method of showing the importance of risk management techniques for risk mitigation.

Let’s define as “tasks” the terms of protection, research and insurance, plus wealth of the game     1-   The risk management is the key strategy of the game.

The game is basically about building and developing a community Alora on an empty coast land.

Risk management plays a vital role in the game.  It is an essential factor deciding whether I can go next round or game over.

The Risk Horizon game illustrated the importance of constantly keeping on top of risk management. With limited resources, trade-offs have to be made between continued development and upgrades, improving protection or buying insurance.

The risk management in the game presents a different way to control risk: time, research, capital, protection, plot building updating and insurance.

In the game, the risk management shows how to manage risk to save lives or everything in earth from comets' disaster.

For me the role of risk management in the game was the reaction, the planing and the coping from some shocks that might hit with some probability of damage, gaining expertise level by level, deciding the trade-off between the level of the ponds, the research of the meteors and the amount of coverage in the insurance.

Risk Horizon runs in a virtual environment of almost constant crises, with constant menaces coming from the galaxy and causing earthquakes and floods. Risk management is a must for survival

The main purpose of the game is to effectively and efficiently manage risk and its consequences.

The role of risk management in the game is basically balancing the three elements to be successful.

This game is about finding the right balance between spending resources on development and spending resources to protect the development using risk management tools provided on the game.

The role of risk management in the game is to confront us to opportunity choice, considering the fact we must balance all the factors that are needed to go to the next level on the time limit provided.

Begin with developing all your resources into pods as soon as the game starts.

The role of risk management in the game was to protect the Alora zone from floods by building pods and protecting them by paying insurance.

The risk management role in the game, Risk Horizon, is to minimize the adverse affects of a risk, which is the collision of comets on an island, and the consequent damage to the pods that have been built on the island.

In this context, game was fine in its current condition and I have not got any comments to add on to the gameplay.

For me the role of risk management in the game was the reaction, the planing and the coping from some shocks that might hit with some probability of damage, gaining expertise level by level, deciding the trade-off between the level of the ponds, the research of the meteors and the amount of coverage in the insurance.

The role of risk management in the game was to use different strategies to mitigate risk.