The provision of learning about risk management is well reflected in the Risk Horizon game. All aspects of risk management including knowledge (based on research), protection, insurance and coping can be appreciated using this simple and interesting game.

The game was an effective tool to demonstrate risk management elements.

Risk management meant everything in the game! and I must say I really had fun playing Risk Horizon and I am sure I will be playing more of it as well as introducing my friends and colleagues to it, it'll sure be a 'soft way' to get them to learn about risk management.

Recently I had to play a game called Risk Horizon . It was a fun game that prompted the player to realize how important risk management is.

I found the Risk Horizon game interesting and educational in the realm of risk management.

The Risk Horizon Game The Risk Horizon Game is a good game for taken decisions to ensure effective risk management. I did enjoy the game even though I do not actually like playing computer games because it takes almost all your attention.

The Risk Horizon game provided a good opportunity for students of the MOOC Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development to demonstrate their understanding of how knowledge, protection, and insurance are tools to handle risk and opportunity.

This game, Risk Horizons, was an interesting and accessible way of understanding how to prepare and mitigate potential risks to the development of the city.

The game Risk Horizon is nice short game to reflect how to do a simple risk management.

I enjoyed the Risk Horison game very much. The game shows some important aspects of risk management.

The Risk Horizon game was a fun way to understand the concept of this course

Risk Horizon is a very well designed strategy game that explains the importance of risk management for the healthy development in a very simple way.

The risk management portrayed in this game provides a multi-dimensional perspective that is accurate to many real world examples.